Sir , the right hon . gent , has endeavoured to throw some doubt upon the existence of the real influence of Mrs. C. in this case of Elderton , because the letter of thanks addressed to the D. of Y. upon his appointment was found amongst papers belonging to Mrs. Clarke , because it was not , according to technical language , in it 's proper custody . Sir , is the right hon . gent , so little versed in the ways of the world , as to suppose that all papers communicated by Mrs. Clarke to the D. of Y. would be consigned to the care of some official person , and that if this letter was really written in the way , and upon the occasion stated by Mrs. Clarke , it would have been found amongst the papers of h. r. h. ? No . If in the hours of familiar intercourse it was shown to him , as it most probably was , it would have been glanced over , and immediately thrown aside , with the same carelessness and indifference which Mrs. Clarke herself displayed with regard to all the important papers which at different times came into her possession . A carelessness so substantiated as to make it morally impossible she should have acted from any fixed design of vengeance against the Duke of York . There remains but one more case to be disposed of , which is that of Kennett . I should wish to go into it , but I have trespassed so long upon the indulgent patience of the house , that as it is but collateral I will dismiss it with a very short I observation . It proves to what shifts the D. of Y. had recourse for the purpose of raising money . It shews to what purpose he would have applied the adventitious influence which he possessed in consequence of his high situation . Taken with all the other facts upon which I have felt it necessary to dwell , it adds to the general mass of proof of the existence of corruption . Sir , at the outset of these inquiries , the friends of the Duke of York might have had some plausible pretence for talking of Conspiracies against him , and through him against the Royal House of Brunswick . It was in consonance with the feelings of some hon . gentlemen to speak of the existence of such traitorous designs with a pomp and solemnity which would better have become the great Roman Orator , when he divulged to the astonished Senate the 235 plot which had been formed for his assassination , the subversion of the state , and the massacre of the best men of the republic . But what is become of such Conspiracy now ? We find all the reputed conspirators disagreeing and quarrelling with each other . Yet the more they quarrel the more they strengthen the charges against the Duke of York . Look at the reluctance with which Donovan , a notorious trafficker in the sale of real and pretended influence , gave his evidence . Recollect his gross prevarication on the first day of his examination . Did he conspire against the Duke of York ? Did Sandon conspire against the D. of Y. ? Look again , and see how these witnesses , who evidently had very different objects in view , than to oppress the Duke of York , have entrapped themselves into evidence , which has had a fatal effect in the minds of many upon the character of h. r. h. ? The right hon . gent , to the last exclaims Conspiracy ! and yet when he has wanted to support an argument , he has deigned to summon these pygmies to his assistance . In one case , I remember , where he was in the greatest streight , he set number against value , as if one Gordon was not worth a whole kingdom , filled with Donovans , Sandons , and such a tribe . Sir , in order to carry this Conspiracy into