his opinions would have led the house to suppose , and which would almost induce a belief that he did so to mislead the judgment of others . For his part he intended to oppose both Addresses ; he did not conceive it the proper mode to be adopted ; he thought they 529 should vote distinct resolutions , and then act upon those resolutions ; and not adopt an Address in the first instance , which would imply that the Duke of York was guilty of criminal connivance at Mrs. Clarke 's fraud . If , however , he wore to give an opinion between the two Addresses , he should prefer the Address of the hon . mover , as convening a more direct Resolution of the house . But , what was the case stated ? It was said the Duke of York knew of Mrs. Clarke 's practices , and if he knew of them be must be personally corrupt . Could any one suppose that he knew of her taking money for his patronage , and converting it to the purposes of housekeeping , and be content simply with his removal , without a desire to bring him to further trial ? If the house really believed the Duke of York guilty of either knowing or suspecting that Mrs. Clarke received money for those Commissions , which he was charged with having granted at her interference , he could not see how it was possible to avoid pronouncing him corrupt . If he had known that such sums of money went to the support of the establishment in Gloucester-place , it would have been as corrupt as if he had put the money in his own pocket . The house was certainly competent to address his majesty as they should deem fit , but where the crime was so infamous , he could not reconcile it with fitness to the Constitution to find any person guilty during his absence . He could not conceive any thing which could bring so delicate a subject under his majesty 's consideration in a more poignant shape than the course proposed by address , which must be rendered additionally poignant if the house were not inclined to act upon the recommendation of a constitutional trial upon this serious and very important question . His hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) had conceived that delicacy to the crown required rather that the Address should be worded in the manner he had proposed , than in the manner which had been originally proposed by the hon . mover ( Mr. Wardle ) . He viewed , however , this point of delicacy in a very different light . What must be the feelings of his majesty if he should be informed that his son was still charged with corruption of the foulest kind , and that that son had not been heard in his defence ? The noble lord then stated that he wished to take a view of the whole subject , which he would do in a brief manner . In considering the evidence upon which the question rested it was not imma- 530 terial to consider under what impulse Mrs. Clarke came forward to give her evidence against the Duke of York . She came forward evidently actuated by the most decided resentment and the most vindictive feelings : but at the same time represented herself as unwillingly coming forward to submit to the orders of the house . Mrs. Clarke 's letters to Mr. Adam and colonel M'Mahon must prevent any one doubting the existence of malice . He did not mean to speak disrespectfully of the hon . member who had brought forward the present question , yet thought he had deviated much from the line of conduct which could be considered as desirable to be pursued or congenial to the feelings of any hon . member . According to the evidence they found him , with more or less violence , possessing himself of certain documents ; they found him at supper with Mrs. Clarke , with M'Callum , the professed libeller of the