, but thought it incumbent on him to state , that he did not intend to impute blame to sir John Moore . All he meant to state was , that in the regular official course of business , the Letters were to have been transmitted either by sir John Moore or Mr. Frere . That they were not transmitted by sir John Moore might be accounted for , by the multiplicity of business in which he was engaged , and from his not being in the habit of that species of official communication . could not allow that the not sending these letters should be in any manner charged upon the distinguished officer now no more . It was the duly of his majesty 's minister at Madrid , to transmit officially to the Secretary of State the Letters which he had officially written to sir John Moore . He did not mean to impute blame to Mr. Frere for not transmitting the letters , but if there was any blame it ought to attach to the living minister , and not to the memory of the illustrious commander whom we had unfortunately lost . The first motion for Mr. Frere 's Letters was agreed to . On the second motion , for the Letter from lord Castlereagh to sir Hew Dalrymple , of the 4th of September , with the inclosures , a short conversation arose , in which lord Sidmouth adverted to what had been said when the motion was formerly made , and earl Grey thought that it was incumbent on ministers to state some more precise ground of objection to the production of these Papers than that of its being detrimental to the public service . stated in reply , that the inclosures to which the motion referred , were the observations of the Portuguese Minister upon the conclusion of the Armistice . His majesty 's government had thought it expedient to transmit them to sir Hew Dalrymple , and it was upon the impropriety of making public the representation of the Portuguese minister , that he felt a compliance with the noble earl 's motion injurious to the public service . contended , that if the objection of his majesty 's government only extended to the enclosures , he trusted for the acquiescence of his majesty 's ministers , in the amendment which he should propose for the production of either a copy or extract of the letter of lord Castlereagh of the 4th of September , without the inclosures . answered , that the original letter , without the inclosures , could not afford the noble earl the infor- 802 mation he sought . It only went to prove , what his majesty 's ministers were ready to allow , that on the intimation that the Armistice was concluded , they were much dissatisfied with that measure . could not reconcile the dissatisfaction , which the noble earl stated to have been felt by ministers , with the demonstration of public reconcile which took place when the first account of the Armistice was received . At all events , he thought it but justice to Sir flew Dalrymple that the dispatch of the 4th should be laid before the house . could not conceive how any man , even in the wildest stretch of imagination , could fancy that there was any possibility of danger to his majesty 's service , from a compliance with the limited and qualified amendment of his noble friend . observed , that it was the usage to resort to public rejoicings , when the country of an ally was evacuated by the enemy , in consequence of the operations of British Troops . In accordance with that usage , the Tower gnus were fired on the communication of the Convention of Cintra being concluded . It did not , however , follow , that therefore his majesty 's government had approved of all the Articles of that measure . He did believe that it was usual to order similar demonstrations of public rejoicings , when an Island belonging to the enemy was taken possession 'of by British