, that there is a plain contradiction and disproval of that material fact in her evidence , which was introduced for the purpose of fixing upon the D. of Y. , the knowledge of her having received the money on account of the exchange between col. Brooke and col. Knight . Is there not then in this case , pregnant decisive evidence of Mrs. C. 's having invented a false fact for the purpose of gratifying her malice and revenge , for the purpose of destroying the character of the D. of Y. ? I repeat , sir , with confidence , that the fair result of this case is , not only that Mrs. C. 's evidence is not intitled to the slightest belief , but also that h. r. h. had no knowledge of her corrupt conduct in this transaction . For it appears , first , that the exchange was completed before she interfered ; and secondly , that the circumstance relative to the note , which she , as it were , appeals to , as confirming her assertion , that the Duke knew of her corruption in this transaction , is disproved by the very witness who is called to support it . She is therefore utterly disgraced and discredited by this story . If there was nothing else against her testimony , but her confutation in this case , she ought not to be believed in any other . Having thus once clearly detected an accomplice , by such inconsistent evidence in the act of endeavouring to fasten upon the accused a participation in her guilty practices , I can not but feel confident , that it is impossible the justice and penetration of the house can be so over-reached and deceived , as to suffer any unfavourable impression to attach upon h. r. h. , upon any evidence which comes from so polluted a source . 93 I scarcely know , sir , whether it is necessary to advert to the observations made upon the wording of col. Gordon 's memorandum , upon the original application for this exchange.—He tells us that , by the words , `` It can not be acceded to , '' nothing more was meant than it was not to be acceded to , at that time , but that it was kept open for further enquiry ? —but gentlemen choose to understand this memorandum of col. Gordon 's , made not as a record of office , but a private memorandum for his own use , better than he understands it himself ; yet it is clear that it was not meant as a conclusive refusal ; nay , it was clearly understood by the parties themselves , not to have been finally rejected ; for Mrs. C. was applied to ; she was not to procure what could not be had without her , —but to expedite what was delayed ( as appears by the evidence both of Dr. Thynne and Mr. Knight ) on account of col. Brooke 's services appearing not to warrant , without further enquiry , the exchange in his favour ; but when the enquiry was made and proved satisfactory , the exchange was completed . And here we have an observation made by the hon . gent. , which serves only to shew the precipitancy with which his prejudices lead him to seize any observations , which promise to be unfavourable to h. r. h. ; —he arraigns the fitness of col. B. for such a commission as not having been of standing sufficient , according to the regulations of the army , to hold the rank of a field officer ; yet if the hon . gent . had only looked at the very paper by which he learned the length of col . B . 's services , he would have found that the fact of this officer 's appointment to the rank of major , had actually , taken place before the D. of Y. came into the office of Commander in Chief . Of that offence , therefore , I trust , the hon . gent