or indirectly , to take any step tending to remove his royal highness from office . To the duties of that office his royal highness had shewn himself perfectly competent . Under his auspices the British army had flourished beyond ail example . There was one point however , on which he felt himself , in some degree , qualified to speak with confidence , and on which it might , perhaps , be expected that he should speak , namely , the administration of military justice . He solemnly declared , that in every communication which , in the discharge of his official duty , he had had with his royal highness , respecting Courts Martial , & c. his royal highness had evinced the strongest solicitude for the welfare , the interests , and character of the army ; and that he was ever anxious to administer straightforward and impartial justice without looking either to the right or to the left . He felt also , that he should not do justice to his predecessor in office , if he did not state , that the sentiments of that predecessor in office , on this subject , completely corresponded with his own . He spoke in the presence of those who were 567 among the friends of that predecessor , and who knew his opinions . When his predecessor was compelled by his ill heath to quit his office , he assured him ( Mr. Ryder ) , that he would experience considerable satisfaction in finding his royal highness the Duke of York to what he found him to be . The expectations which he had been led to entertain were invariably and completely realized . He called upon the house to look not only at the existing army , but at those establishments at Marlow and Wycombe , by which that army would be supplied with able officers , and be still improved in its constitution and character , fie called upon them to look at the Military School established at Chelsea , originally founded for the orphans of soldiers , and the advantages of which had since been extended to the families of soldiers who were fighting in the cause of their country . The number of children educated at this school amounted to 1,500 ; rescued from poverty and vice , trained to habits of industry and virtue , and destined ultimately to the augmentation of that army in which their fathers had acted so brave a part . Judging from his own feelings upon the subject , he could easily conceive , that in the midst of the pain and anxiety which the present question must cost him , his royal highness would derive the sweetest consolation from reflecting on the permanent and extensive establishments which had been instituted under his auspices and had grown under his super-intendance , for the benefit of the service entrusted to his care . He could not , there fore , from any thing that had appeared before the house , persuade himself to vote for the removal of so active , so just , so benevolent and so meritorious an officer.—The hon . and learned member then proceeded to compare the addresses , which had been proposed , and contended , that if the hon . bart . 's ( Sir T. Turton ) amendment was rejected , which he conceived it would be , and if the resolutions of his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer were rejected , which he conceived they would not be , the Address originally proposed would be preferable to the others , because it was more manly and more honourable . He here read the Address proposed by Mr. Bankes , and asked what it meant ? He should be obliged to his hon . friend for an explanation of it . The whole tenor of his hon . friend 's speech had led him to expect that the conclusion would be very different from what it was . Did his hon . friend acquit the Duke of York of corruption and 568 of connivance in corruption