to become the miserable and despised tool of a foreign enemy ? Nay it was not improbable that this degradation of the crown rendered the expulsion of his successor more easy ? on the contrary , with all the hypocrisy alledged against Cromwell , was not the apparent morality of his time connected with a wisdom and vigour 358 in the government , which made the name of England universally respected abroad , though under the despotism of an usurper.—The hon . Member concluded by prefering the measure suggested by his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) to those proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and rather than concur in the Address which followed , he would consent never again to set his foot in the house . repeated his objections to this prolongation of the call . It had a bad tendency , because many members who heard the postponement of the call , anticipated the adjournment of the debate , and consequently absented themselves from the house . Of this fact , the comparative state of the house at two o ' clock on Thursday morning last , and at two o ' clock on Saturday morning last , afforded sufficient proof . He was convinced that not an individual attendance would be produced by the call , more than what would have taken place without it . But from the perpetual postponements of this motion the house must suffer in the opinion of the public , who would imagine that such a measure was necessary to compel their representatives to attend to their duty . The noble lord treated the house of commons like school-boys ; but lie trusted that lie would not find his controul so extensive as perhaps he flattered himself it was . He had risen with a determination , that the motion should not pass without comment : if the feeling of the house appeared to be with him , he should certainly press the question to a division . defended himself from the imputation of pretending to any power over the house . It was for the house to decide on this question , and not for him . At the same time , he trusted , that for reasons similar to those which he had stated on a former occasion , the house would adopt the motion which he had the honour of submitting to them . stated the inconvenience which resulted from prolonging the discussion on each night to so late an hour . In his opinion it must be destructive to the life of some individuals , and to the health of all . 359 Under such circumstances it was impossible to bring into the house the 'mens sana in corpore sano . ' He trusted also , that on every amendment that might be proposed , no hon . member who had already spoken , would conceive himself entitled again to enter at large into the original question . adverting to the last observation of the hon . baronet , disclaimed any intention on his part of repeating the observations with which he had , on a recent evening , tresspassed on the patience of the house . The only object for which he should feel it incumbent on him again to rise was , to explain the various misunderstandings which had occurred with respect to several parts of his speech ; and also declare what appeared to he him to be the state of the question before the house , and on what the house were actually called upon to decide ; for it has his opinion , that if without further elucidation the question was put from the Chair , many members would be at a loss to know in what way to vote , so as to express their real sentiments . In declaring , however , these as the limits which he should prescribe to himself in again addressing the house , he begged not to be understood as penying the right of any individual who had already spoken , and who might again choose to speak on a fresh question