the lowly and the poor . My honourable friend who has made the motion which I support , 237 is no jacobin , but the true anti-jacobin , who would save the Duke of York from the fangs of those vultures and harpies who fatten upon the corruption they create . Of the publications , not to say libels , with which the press has teemed against my hon . friend , and all who in these perilous times have dared be honest , I can not speak without contempt . If to gloss over to the public the errors of princes and the weakness of ministers , ; if to jingle in rhyme , and to turn patriotism into ridicule , be the test of anti-jacobinism , then has not my hon . friend any claim to that appellation . But , if to stand forward for the relief of royalty from the machinations of a profligate crew ; if to oppose the hydra of corruption , be the business of a true anti-jacobin ; then is my hon . friend an anti-jacobin in the most legitimate and extensive sense of the term . In the early part of these debates it was said , by a right hon . secretary , that whatever might be the result of the Charges , infamy must fall somewhere . Sir ; there was something shocking in the efforts made , and the language used , to deter my hon . friend from persevering in the difficult task he had undertaken . I would now ask of that right hon . gent. , Where is the infamy to fall ? That it falls upon my hon . friend no man will now have the boldness to assert . Will the right hon . gent , and the other defenders of the Duke allow that it rests upon the head of his royal highness ? No . Where then is it to be placed ? It must return whence it came . It is in the custody of the right hon . gent , until he shall think proper to tell us where is now its appropriate place . Sir ; my hon . friend is not one of those grovelling despicable characters , who give birth to plots and conspiracies , which exist only in their own fancies , and are promulgated only for their own purposes . He is not one of those who paint in odious colours all who stand between them and their own wishes . He is not one of those most pernicious of jacobins , who would approach the throne with the fatal language of falsehood and adulation . He has shewn himself courageous , candid , and consistent ; nor can any eulogium which can fall from my lips , add to the sum of his merits , or to the esteem in which he is held by a grateful country . Let the house of commons follow his example in the courageous discharge of its duty . The country totters to its ruin : but it may yet be saved . 238 Let us forthwith set about the work of Reform . Let the house of commons shew that true regard for the throne which consists in taking the measures best calculated for its preservation . That throne is the most powerfully supported which has its foundation in the hearts of the people . There fix it , by shewing to the people of England your determination to support their rights , and to destroy corruption , in however lofty a branch the canker may be found.—In so doing you will act nobly by the Duke of York himself . Let the censure passed upon him by this house be remembered only as the chastisement by a parent of a beloved child , whose welfare and happiness are the only objects of the infliction . Let us by voting the address proposed avert the fatal consequences which I greatly apprehend may result from a refusal to do justice to the feelings of the country . Sir , I can not pass over the Letter which