that this service of plate belonged to the Duke de Berri , a branch of the house of Bourbon , once so mighty and illustrious . The last unhappy sovereigns of that family were murdered by their own subjects , and the few of its members who survived the promiscuous carnage of those bloody days , driven from their native home , are wanderers on the face of the earth , or supported by the charitable munificence of this country : affording a melancholy but instructive lesson , of the near connexion subsisting between the private lives of princes and the fate of nations . It might have been expected , that the Duke of York would have started at the name of the Duke de Berri , and 230 contemplating his sad reverse of fortune , would have resolved upon such an alteration of life and conduct , as would have precluded the necessity of this painful enquiry . He might have reflected on the state to which a man of such high descent was reduced , on that surprizing vicissitude of human affairs , which had driven to such expedients for support , in the metropolis of the kingdom which had for centuries been contending against the ambition of his family , a near relation of the ruined throne of France . He might have accepted the warning thus offered . A man of sound understanding could hardly have overlooked it . Tracing effects to their true causes , he might have seen that the revolution , of which that royal house and its appendages have been the peculiar victims , and which has in its consequences convulsed the whole moral state of Europe , was brought about , not by the theories of speculative men , but by the vices of individuals , and the foul corruptions of the state : finally drawing down upon the innocent as well as upon the guilty , one universal ruin . Such were the real causes oft he destruction of the ancient monarchy of France . It has been truly said , that philosophy has no such triumphs to boast . In the national effects produced by the vices and follies of the higher orders of society , are to be found the reasons which take the matters now under our consideration , out of the private transactions of the Duke of York . It is the influence which the moral behaviour of persons of exalted rank has upon the public weal , which gives such vast importance to all they do , and makes it decisive of the fate of empires . Let us for the sake of example trace back the history of France to the La Valieres , the Montespans , the bigotted Maintenon , through the profligate period of the regency , down to the Pompadours , and the wretched du Barrè , who lived to suffer in that Revolution , which was hastening to it 's fatal crisis , with the velocity of a comet , unperceived by those who were indulging in their gorgeous vices . Look how the strength of France was blasted , how England flourished in her decline ! When vice and corruption reigned paramount in France , was not France humbled to prostration before the power of England ? To what cause but that of the weakness produced by her corruption , can that prostration be ascribed ? Sir , I feel that I have dwelt at great length upon so painful a topic , but this instance of the 231 instability of all human greatness , is so striking , that I could not refrain from expressing my astonishment , that it failed to make such an impression on the mind of the Duke of York , as to induce him to abandon the course of life in which he was engaged , and to trace back his steps to the paths of prudence and decorum . At the bare possibility that his name might be implicated in deeds so odious , he might have shuddered . This magnificent and awful monument of fallen pomp and greatness , might