did not then know the parties . I must say , that in this evidence it was not necessary for the parties to have been so minute , unless they had a strong impression upon their minds as to the transaction on which they were giving testimony ; for , in proportion to the minuteness with which they detailed the circumstances , the danger of contradiction is certainly greater . A general assertion was less liable to contradiction , and consequently the minuteness of the evidence is a strong proof of its correctness . Mrs. C. further stated , that when she recommended the application of the parties for the Exchange to the Commander in Chief , he said he knew the business very well , that they had been trying at it for some time ; and it appeared from the documents upon the table that they had been some time endeavouring to effect the Exchange themselves , before the application had been made to Mrs. C. This was actually the case , and how was she to come to the knowledge of that circumstance , except through the Commander in Chief ? 7 H. r. h. had said that one of them was a bad subject , and it actually appeared from the papers on the table that col. Brooke had only served as a cornet in a regiment of cavalry for four months , and out of the twelve years he had been in the army , he had been for seven years on half pay . Unless , therefore , there were particularly strong reasons for giving col. Brooke this advantage , it ought not to have been done , especially when it was considered that he would thus be placed in a situation where he . might have to command a cavalry regiment— a duty of great difficulty , and one that in ordinary cases could not have been expected to be very well performed by a person who had only served in the cavalry as cornet for the space of four months , and who had been for seven years out of twelve on half pay . Mrs. C. said that she shewed the notes to the Commander in Chief on the day she received them , that he was going to Weymouth that night . Mr. Knight stated that he sent her the notes early on the 31st of July , and col. Gordon has given testimony that the Duke of York did go to Weymouth on the 31st July ; and he added that he generally travelled by night , so that on both these points Mrs. C. is in a peculiar manner corroborated in what she has advanced . Mrs. C. has also stated that she thinks she got the notes changed by one of the Duke 's servants through h. r. h. Pierson , the butler , said , that on the night the D. of York went to Weymouth , about 11 o'clock at night , he was sent out to get a bill changed ; that the Duke was present at the time ; that the witness believed it was a bill of 100l . ; that he tried to get the bill changed at Stevens 's in Bond-street ; that he had not succeeded ; and that he succeeded at Byfield and Bridgeman 's , the confectioners , in Vere-street . I admit that the evidence of Pierson was somewhat confused . He seemed to have been mistaken when he said that it was at Bridgeman 's , and not at Stevens 's , that he got the note changed . But at the same time , he certainly appeared to have spoken what was true to the best of his judgment , and with the exception of this mistake , there was every reason to give credit to his testimony , particularly as Mrs. Bridge-man recollects his applying to her to have a large note changed . Mrs. Clarke had said , that she believed that there were only two or three days between the date of the exchange and the application . Dr. Thynne and