at present ; he had made it equal , in point of character and discipline , to that of any military power in Europe . With the utmost attention to the arrangements necessary for the improvement of our military force , h. r. h. had combined the utmost attention to the comfort and convenience of the soldiers , of whom that force was composed . On such grounds as those which had been adduced , grounds which to him appeared completely insufficient , he could never believe that the house of Commons would consent to a motion that would eventually tend to dismiss from his high office the illustrious individual , to whom , in his opinion , the public was so deeply indebted . began by observing , that he never rose to address the house under circumstances more painful to his feelings than the present , or more imperiously demanding the performance of his duty to his constituents and his country . After the very ample and able manner in which an hon . member , and a noble lord who preceded him in the debate , had gone through the details of the evidence before the house , it would be unnecessary for him to offer to their notice any of those observations he had been prepared to offer , and in which he had been so splendidly anticipated . He should therefore content himself with endeavouring to draw some results from those details ; from the facts which had been proved ; from the commentaries which had been deemed judicious ; and from the reasoning which had been thought conclusive . In inferring those results , he of course could only be supposed to be stating them as the effects produced on his own mind ; and , by tracing those effects to their causes , that is , the circumstances which produced them , attempt to justify to others the impression made upon himself ; and if he could not persuade them to concur with him in their vote , he did not despair of giving good reasons for his own . But in the first place , he thought it impossible to pass over the very extraordinary treatment the hon . member had met with , who ventured to discharge his duly by bringing forward the Charges now under consideration . It appeared to him very extraordinary that the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the officer of the public ; the Attorney General , the public accuser ; the Solicitor General , and all the crown lawyers ; on all former occasions the arraign- 365 ers of public delinquents , and conductors on the part of the public of 'public prosecutions ; should on this single occasion have completely changed sides , and have arranged themselves on the part of the accused , it was most astonishing to his mind that all these public officers should not only have withheld all assistance from , but to the best of their power , as it appeared to him , have obstructed and opposed the hon . member in his honest attempt to detect and extirpate most scandalous public abuses . The charges had been scarcely made , when all his majesty 's public officers volunteered themselves as advocates ; they forgot that they were members of parliament , they forgot that they were judges ; and their eagerness to plead so far outran their patience to hear , that they appeared anxious to acquit , before they could be possibly competent to decide ; they had begun with denying , resisting , and extenuating , when they ought to have recollected that they could not be supposed to judge well before they had heard fairly . The country could not expect that those who refused to hear with patience , would determine with justice ; it would rather , naturally , be led to suspect , that such men had previously made up their minds , that they had prejudged the cause , and had entered into the investigation of it with a stubborn resolution to shut their ears against conviction . ( Here there