he could not be allowed this indulgence , because Mr. Gilbert Wakefield had made a very bad use of it ; for the garden communicated with several parts of the gaol , and he employed , this indulgence in exciting disturbances among the prisoners . They however agreed that Mr. White should take the air in the garden for an hour per day , accompanied by the gaoler , or some trusty person , either all at once or in such divisions as he chose . This he communicated to Mr. White , who expressed himself perfectly satisfied and thankful , and promised that if he should have any future cause of complaint , he would communicate it to him ( Mr. Calcraft ) and as to his allegement of close , confined , and unwholesome apartments , he could only say , that although the gaol was not provided with apartments on purpose for persons of his description , yet as there were no female debtors now in the prison , he was 816 accommodated with the apartments allotted for them ; and that the room in which he was lodged , was as airy and comfortable as any he himself had ever occupied in any of his majesty 's Barracks where he had been quartered . He therefore lamented that Mr. White should have suffered himself to be prevailed on to present such a Petition . bore testimony to the same report , as having been Foreman to the Dorset Grand Jury . reminded the house , that he did not pledge himself for the truth of the petitioner 's allegations . It was the petitioner 's son who delivered the Petition to him , and he fell it his duty , as an independent member of parliament , to present it to the house . If the grievances complained of had been remedied , it was to the honour of the magistrates : but why such severities were at all inflicted , might hereafter be matter for enquiry . Why the magistrates of a county should assume an authority to inflict punishments upon persons imprisoned more than were authorised by the court who committed them , he was at a loss to conceive . He was glad , however , the petition had been presented , as it might lead to enquiry touching such abuses , and settle some regulation in similar cases . on looking at the Petition , felt it necessary to apprize the house , that there appeared on the face of it several erasures and interlineations , and therefore , in point of form , it could not be considered as the Petition of the person who signed it . said he was not conscious of any informality in these circumstances ; the erasures and alterations were made by the son of the Petitioner , who had delivered the paper to him . He would , however , with the leave of the house , withdraw the Petition , on the ground of its informality.—Leave given . presented a Petition from captain Huxley Sandon , now confined in Newgate by order of the house ; setting forth . That the Petitioner has served his majesty in the West Indies , on the Spanish Main all the American War , on the Continent of France during the years 1794 and 1795 , under the command of his royal highness the Duke of York , and in Spain during the late contest , making a period of thirty-two years ; was once wounded , and at the capture of Fort Omoa caught a fever , which deprived him of the sight of one of his eyes ; and that he 817 has hitherto served with reputation and honour to himself , and until the unhappy occasion at the house , his reputation was never sullied ; and that the Petitioner begs leave to state , that a concussion of the brain , which he experienced a few years since from his horse falling down a precipice with him ( to corroborate this fact , a certificate of the Surgeon who attended hint is hereto annexed