. After having heard the different bearings of the evidence sifted and examined by persons of great talents and acquirements , he thought that he would be the better able to bring his mind to a decision on this great subject , one perhaps as important as ever engaged the attention of parliament.—It was a question wholly unconnected with party feelings and party prejudices ; and however at other times he might be proud to consider himself as attached to a party , this was an occasion on which he could allow no influence of connections , no party consideration to bias his decision . He confessed that he had never risen with feelings of such real anxiety and pain , as those by which he was then opprest . The eyes of the nation were stedfastly fixed on the house of commons at that moment , and the fate of the country might eventually depend upon their decision . The house had not to determine in what family the right of the crown should be vested ; they had not to determine by what constitution the people would best be governed : their attachment to the family in possession of the right to the crown was daily increased by their encreasing affection for the virtuous and venerable individual , by whom the throne was filled ; their attachment to the existing sonstitution was daily increased and clearly 570 demonstrated by the sacrifices which they themselves made , and which at their instigation the people had made , to maintain it inviolate under circumstances most fatal to every constituted authority in the world.—But the duty which the house had to perform was not less important than those to which he had alluded , although it was more painful and unpleasant . It was not to consider whether the confidence which had hitherto been placed in the royal family of the country , should be maintained unshaken , but whether one individual of that family was worthy any longer of sharing in that confidence . If it should be determined that his royal highness 's conduct had proved him unworthy , there would still be a choice of difficulties . The house would have to decide whether they would hurt the feelings of their sovereign , by stating the opinion which they entertained of his son , or whether , by forbearing from such a statement , they would forfeit the confidence which their country reposed in them . That such should be the duty of the house of commons , must be to the house at large , as it was to him , a subject of most serious and unfeigned regret . For himself , he most deeply lamented it . He would with satisfaction have shed his blood , drop by dropt to have prevented such a necessity ; but the cup was poured out , and must be drank ; the shaft had flown , and must take its course . He had heard it repeatedly said , that the house had dealt unfairly by his royal highness in the course it had pursued , and that they were preparing to condemn him without trial . A noble lord , and after him and an hon . gentleman , had asserted , that he was judged and decided upon , in his absence . It had been alledged , that from the Duke of York was withheld the privileges belonging to the meanest of the king 's subjects , to have the evidence brought against him examined on oath . But if this objection was taken , it ought not to be taken in the present stage of the business ; it ought to have been advanced at the commencement of the investigation , when those by whom it was now brought forward were cautioned on the subject , and when the mode of proceeding by trial or by impeachment was recommended . It would be too much to allow the asserters of this objection to take the benefit of the course originally adopted at their suggestion , and then to take the benefit of the objections