both sides , particularly by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and his hon . 355 friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) that little remained to be added with advantage ; and he should confine his remarks to a few points in three or four of the cases , which appeared to have been less noticed by '' other gentlemen . With respect to the famous Note relating to Tonyn , whatever might be thought of its importance , he thought its genuineness most irrefragably established . In addition to the utmost similarity of Writing and expression , on examination of about a dozen of the notes and letters of the Duke 's , written at different times and places , he had found all but one , on the same paper with that in question , and several sealed with the same seal ; while among forty of Mrs. C. 's now before the house , produced by accident , not selected by herself , there was not one scrap of paper similar to the duke 's , nor a fragment similar to the seal . In short , no argument could be adduced to maintain it 's being a forgery , which would not render it impossible to prove any document whatever , and must not go almost the length of asserting , that the greater the appearance of truth , the greater the probability of falsehood . Other and strong circumstantial presumptions in its favour , had been too often urged to be repeated by him . As to the commission given to Carter , he had at first observed the fact with pleasure , and had it been the theme of a novel , it would doubtless be applauded . The objection to it was of a different kind , and the army would regard it with displeasure , that feeling must spring from the tainted channel , through which the favour had flowed . A similar remark might be made on Major Turner 's case . Allowing for argument , the permissibility of listening in very particular cases , to such species of information as Mrs. Lucy Sinclair Sutherland 's , an unsuperable objection lies to it , when proceeding from so suspicions a quarter ; from one who appears to have been as well known to the Commander in Chief as Mrs. C. herself , and to whom therefore it was unjust and indecent to pay that attention ; neither could he forbear observing on the weakness of attributing inconsistency to those who contended for giving credit to Mrs. C. , while they refused to h. r. h. the liberty of listening to Mrs. Sinclair Sutherland . How different were the cases ; by a connection with the Duke of his own choice , was Mrs. C. forced on the unwilling attention of the house ; a similar connection , equally of his own choice , made his attention to Mrs. Sutherland most indecent and 356 unfit.—Miss Taylor 's name he would not for his own sake have brought again into discussion , especially as her evidence , however authentic , was not in his opinion , incapable of explanation , which did not necessarily imply corruption to the Duke , but he felt himself compelled to protest against a principle attempted to be established , as he thought most cruel and unjust ; that it was allowable to make insinuations destitute of proof , in the course of cross-examination , tending to destroy the character of a witness , in order to take the chance of saving the party accused ; to the infliction of such vicarious suffering he would never consent . In common justice , this mode of extorting truth was frequently practised with a severity so harsh and disgusting as to disgrace the professors of the law , and in which they were protected only by the dignity and authority of the place in which they stood ; but the practice itself found its justification only in the necessity of obtaining truth , on the sudden as it were , during the course of the trial , from persons of whom