if it was not on the very night before she went to Worthing , it could not have been this note ; and if it was not this very note , it could be nothing to the purpose of this enquiry . Then he is asked , `` Was it in the morning of the same day that h. r. h. went to Weymouth , that Ludowick took the note to be changed ? `` — '' It was some morning a little time before . '' But this gentleman , Mr. Pierson , tells us , upon his being called again , that he had had the head-ache , when he was first examined , that it affected his recollection ; and that an explanation of his evidence is therefore necessary . Before I proceed , however , to the examination of his further testimony , I must refer to what Mrs. C. tells us respecting him . She is asked this question , `` On the first day of your examination , you stated that a bill of 200l . which you received from Mr. Knight , was sent from your house to be changed by a servant of h. r. h. ; how do you know it was taken by a servant of h. r. h. , and not one of your own servants ? '' She says , `` I believe that I did not state that it was h. r. h. 's servant who took it , but that h. r. h. had something to do with the changing of that note . '' Now , the fact is , that she did positively state , ( as may be seen by reference to her 89 examination , ) `` That her servant could not get it changed , and that his , ( the duke 's servant ) did get it changed . '' But , since her first examination , Ludowick had been examined ; and knowing his evidence , she was accordingly obliged to manage her own , in some degree to meet his , as well as to introduce the evidence which Mr. Pierson was to give upon his second examination . She adds , `` And on Saturday or Monday morning , I do not recollect which it was , when it was raining very hard , I believe it was Monday , I heard where my butler lived , and I went into York-place , and sent my footman to fetch him out . He came out without previous knowledge of who called upon him ; and I asked whether he recollected any thing particular the evening that h. r. h. was going to Weymouth , and myself in the morning to Worthing . He asked me to what point ? I said about a bank note . He said , perfectly 'well . He had been trying all over the neighbourhood to get change for a note ; that it was a very large note , he supposed a 50l . note ; that he came into the parlour , and said , that he could not get change for it , and then h. r. h. said , Do go to my wine-merchant 's in Bond-street , Stephens 's hotel , and get change , and tell them where you come from . That on this same night he had called at Byfield 's , the confectioner 's , and tried there , and they could not do it ; and that he ' went and saw Stevens 's partner ; it being very late , Stevens was not there , that he got change for it there , and that was the whole . But I told him he must come and speak about it , that a summons would be sent to him . I spoke to him the other night in the room , I do not know whether before he was examined , or afterwards , and he told me that he had called on Stevens in Bond-street , and that they would not give him any information about the note , which