this last point , namely , the knowledge which the Duke had of the criminal parts of these transactions , rests entirely upon Mrs. Clarke , with no other support than what she can derive from Miss Taylor . I am far from approving the attempts that have been made to discredit and disparage Miss Taylor , or from thinking that they have been at all successful . Indeed , their success would have been , in a great measure , their justification . If Miss Taylor 's character was really bad , so as to render her undeserving of credit , the interests of justice required that it should be shown to be so , however the means employed for that purpose might be attended with consequences painful or prejudicial to her . But the attempts were neither successful , nor did they seem , many of them , to have been fairly directed to their object . What idea could we entertain of Miss Taylor 's credit being destroyed as a witness , because she had not the virtue ( if virtue even it would have been , in all the circumstances of the case ) to break off all communication with Mrs. Clarke , her relation and benefactress , the moment she found she had formed an improper connection with the Duke of York ? This might have been right : I will not say , that it was not : but it was a stricter right than we were accustomed to exact from persons from whom it might more fairly be looked for . Would we take this rule in our hand , and apply it to the trial of all that might be found in higher life ? The fact is , that if Miss Taylor 's testimony is to be arraigned , it must be on the ground of circumstances in the testimony itself , and not of the person who gave it . The case here is the very reverse of the former . Mrs. Clarke is a bad witness giving a good testimony . Miss Taylor is a good witness giving a testimony liable to 504 considerable suspicion . Let Miss Taylor 's evidence be examined in this view . The most unpleasant part of it is the expression , `` How did he behave to you , Darling ? '' Many gentlemen have thought that this might be explained to mean , what was his general conduct towards you , in respect to being importunate and troublesome ? But I confess that it was difficult not to understand the word `` behave '' in a more restricted and technical sense , well understood among persons in the class of life in which Miss Taylor might be placed ; and it is no answer to say , that Miss Taylor , or those whose expressions she was repeating , might not be persons very nice and critical in the vise of their terms . There are no persons more correct in the use of such terms as they employ at all , than those whose vocabulary is small , and who use it without reflection or premeditation , merely to express ideas of daily occurrence , in conversation with persons as little studious of language as themselves . There is nothing so true as habit . While there is no ambition in the speakers to speak beyond themselves , the same words are used to denote the same ideas , and contract by use a degree of precision , which can never be given them by thought and study . I would pit the most illiterate person in this country , against the most learned professor of Dublin or Edinburgh , in the use of the words shall and will ; and if I had heard in any part of the evidence , those expressions , now so familiar , of a person having done this or that 'before going down stairs , before getting into the coach , ' I should have been sure that they were either not truly repeated , or were not the expressions of a native of