guilty of corruption . ( Hear ! ) How , then , can the noble lord be satisfied with an Address that does not allege that fact ? I will believe the noble lord 's character and consistency against the shaking of his head : and I again repeat it , that he must concur in this Address reluctantly , and that perhaps , if I do not overrate his sense of public duty , we shall hear him offer to us some amendment that may give it the force and effect that be desires . The Address of my right hon . friend I can not entirely agree to : there are parts of it to me objectionable , though there are others that I entirely approve : therefore , sir , while I support his Resolutions and such parts of his Address ( if an address be finally necessary ) as shall coincide with what we shall have resolved , I am , in consistency , obliged to dissent from those parts that do not : and thus , we see , that two of the three Addresses are already open to infinite discussion even among their own supporters . The third , moved by the hon . gent . on the floor ( Mr. Bankes ) , has still less to recommend it than either of the former ; and is , indeed , a pregnant instance of the absurdity of proceeding by Address at all . It differs but in shades , we are told , from the first : why , then , was it moved ? These two Addresses almost agree ; why , then , shall we have their movers voting against one another ? `` If the Doctors disagree , who shall decide ? `` ( A laugh . ) I must say , that the motive of the hon . gent , in moving this Address , which is recommended as being so similar to the former , is to me inexplicable ; unless , indeed , that hon . gent , is of a disposition to be satisfied only with his own productions ; or that be has artfully modelled his proposition to catch a few stray votes ( Hear ! hear ! ) ; to catch them , not by its merit , but by its obscurity ; not that his Address was that which any man would 476 prefer , but that , in the mist and darkness with which it has overshadowed the debate , a few members , not seeing which way they are going , may follow the hon . gent . Address is the name which the hon . gent , has given to his measure ; and its nature , I fear , is address . But I hope the house will refuse to vote in the dark : and that this tour d'addresse will meet the success and reception which it deserves . Sir , I dislike these two Addresses , because , assuming the guilt of his Royal Highness , they confound all sorts and degrees of it . Were I , however , obliged to vote for either of them , I should certainly prefer that of the hon . gent . ( col. Wardle ) : there is a manliness in it which recommends it , in my opinion , to our notice ; `` We will go to the King , '' was its language , `` and what we dare to think , we will dare to say ! '' But that of the other hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) , seems equally afraid of pronouncing the Duke of York innocent or guilty . It was a poor and timid compromise , which , Willing to wound , and yet afraid to strike , Just hints a fault , and hesitates dislike . ( Hear ! hear ! ) . For my part , I will not make any compromise of my feelings on this occasion . I wish the house to meet the question boldly , and decide , whatever the result might