house . But though the house was not to adopt any further judicial measures , nor to follow up the business criminally by bringing the party to a trial , did it follow that no other proceeding was to be adopted ? For himself , he could not go the length of voting , that some sort of connivance , or at least a violent suspicion of the practices which were going on , was not chargeable on the Duke of York . The main objection which had been urged against his proposition on a former night was , that it was complex and ambiguous , at a time when it was urged by his right hon . friend , that the house was bound to come to a simple decision . His right hon . friend , however , had in his Resolution that night transgressed his own rule , and offered to the house a complex proposition . In the first part of that proposition he concurred , but he differed as to the second . He had heard his right hon . friend state , that he considered the smallest degree of connivance at corrupt practices and corruption to be the same . If so then , why had he made use of two words , which , in his apprehension , meant the same thing ? Of corruption , and corrupt participation , he was ready to acquit the Duke of York ; and it had been his intention , if not precluded by the course pursued by the hon . bart . to move an Amendment to his right hon . friend 's Resolution , to omit the word `` connivance '' , for the purpose of proposing afterwards another Resolution , stating that his royal highness was guilty of that sort of connivance which according to his view of the case , the evidence established . It was necessary that the house should know what vote it was to come to . There were two distinct parts in the Resolution of his right hon . friend , according to common sense 679 and sound logic . It must be obvious that there was a great difference between connivance and a participation in corruption . Connivance was defined by a great authority to be concealed or dissembled knowledge , which could not be the same as corruption , and consequently both were improperly confounded in the Resolution of his right hon . friend . He believed his right hon . friend to have been sincere , when he declared that the lowest species of connivance was as high an offence as any degree of personal corruption ; but he must observe how dangerous such a confusion of moral distinctions , such an uudistinguishing estimate of the degrees of moral turpitude , would be to the interests of the community . Was not , he would ask , personal corruption a much more heinous and dangerous offence than that species of connivance , which amounted only to a dissembled knowledge of a corrupt practice that was going on ? It was material for gentlemen , particularly his right hon . friend ( Mr. Bathurst ) who could not admit that corruption and that species of connivance were the same— it was material for them to consider whether , by their adopting large , comprehensive , and covering words , if they should afterwards wish to carry up some vote of censure to the throne , they were not sapping their own foundation , and taking away the very ground upon which they stood ? If they should acquit the Duke of York of all corruption , and connivance at corruption , they would be precluded from following up that acquittal by any Resolution of censure.— It had been imputed to him on a former night , that he practised a parliamentary manœuvre ; but that charge could , with more propriety , be applied to the proposition of his right hon . friend . It appeared that his right hon . friend persevered in the conclusion of the proceeding which he had stated in his first