riot have suspected of being concerned in any dishonourable traffic , either with Mrs. C , or any one else . We can not , indeed , but feel , surprised , that such a person should have applied to the Duke through Mrs. C. : but what account this artful woman gave of her acquaintance with gen. Clavering , we do not know , though we have every reason to believe , that Mrs. C. 's invention would have furnished her with an account sufficiently plausible to impose upon h. r. h. , to think it not unnatural . The expression concerning Dr. O'Meara , which occurs in the letter from Weymouth , has certainly made considerable impression ; it will doubtless be recollected , that it has no reference to any military transaction , nor has it any connexion therefore with the conduct of h. r. h. in his character of Commander in Chief . That Dr. O'Meara , a person so well recommended and thought of by the bishop of Tuam , should have sought his introduction to the Duke through Mrs. C. is most extraordinary , and it is undoubtedly much to be regretted . The fact that he did so , can not be doubted . The Duke 's letter to Mrs. C. says , that Dr. O'Meara 133 called upon him , and that he delivered to him her letter . It is indeed , much to be wished that h. r. h. had thought and felt that a clergyman who sought to be introduced through such a channel , from that very circumstance , deserved not to be noticed ; but it certainly does appear , and I regret it . as much as any man , though I can not see in it any public or official offence , that h. r. h. informs Mrs. C. that Dr. O'Meara wished for an opportunity of preaching before his majesty , and that the D. of Y. expresses his intention of endeavouring to procure him the means of having his wishes gratified . Now , sir , I shall proceed to make some remarks on the parcel of letters that were found in capt . Sandon 's custody : there are several of these , with respect to which , I can not but be anxious to offer a few observations . We find much in the evidence which has already been examined , to convince us that h. r. h. was not acquainted with Mrs. C. 's corrupt dealings , and that she was extremely anxious they should not come to his knowledge ; and many of the letters which were found in San don 's custody , will be found of great importance , as strongly confirmatory of the same fact . There is a note from Mrs. C , addressed to col. Sandon , in these words : — '' Mrs. Clarke 's compliments await col. Sandon , thinks it best for him not to come to her box this evening , as Greenwood comes with both the Dukes this evening , and of course will watch where their eyes direct now and then ; and should he see and know col. Sandon , may make some remark , by saying or talking of the levy business , and it may be hurtful to his and Mrs. Clarke 's future interests . `` —Here is a circumstance which proves that Mrs. C. was apprehensive lest her practices should be discovered by her being seen at the Opera in company with capt . Sandon , and that Mr. Greenwood would have an opportunity of remarking upon the subject of col. French 's levy . It is obvious , therefore , that the connection of capt . Sandon with Mrs. C. is to be kept out of the sight of the D. of York . That there is another letter , in which there are still stronger observations . This letter is as follows , — '' Dear sir , ere I leave town , I scratch a few lines , begging you to be on your guard in every point ; but