the Duke 's handwriting , but it falls in with no part of these charges , it proves nothing against him ; those who were active in the business , Mrs. C. herself can ascribe no effect to it , nor has any one ventured a probable conjecture upon the occasion which produced it , or the sort of enquiry which it was intended to satisfy . It may tend to perplex and puzzle , but it can lead us to no rational conclusion , and therefore ought to be laid out of our consideration . The next Case upon which the hon . gent , comments is that of French and Sandon 's levy . For this Mrs. C. received at first 500l . and then various other sums from capt . Sandon . The Duke , she says , knew this , and was induced by it to grant the letter of service ; but this too she alone says , and all the circumstances of the Case tend to negative her assertion . Every precaution was taken to guard the public from imposition , and to exclude the parties from all undue advantage . The terms were submitted to gen. Hewitt , who was known to entertain a prejudice against recruiters , and col. Lorraine tells us that he thinks harder conditions were from this cause laid upon this levy than on any other . Such was not the conduct which 253 the D. of Y. would have dared to hold with men to whom he had basely sold their appointment . If the establishment in Gloucester-place was to be fed , as has been , suggested , by the price of this levy , so much time would never have been consumed in consideration and enquiry , nor would the contractors at last have been screwed up to such hard terms . But the service was ill performed , and the levy unsuccessful . Be it so ; but does this give any countenance to the charge upon h. r. h. that he sold the letter of service when throughout the whole negociation his object was to cut down the profits of the recruiters , and make as advantageous a bargain as possible for the public ? But he suffered the levy to continue after strong complaints of misconduct in col. French . It is true he did so , after complaints sent from Ireland by and against col. French , because in the want of men , which was then felt , he thought it expedient upon the whole to make some further trial of it , but , after a few months , finding that it was not likely to answer , he discontinued it altogether , and rejected col. French 's pressing applications to revive it upon any terms . This he would not have dared to refuse if the levy had originated in a base and corrupt contract for money , nor would col. French have permitted him to do it without reproaches of such a nature as he must have attended to . But it is said , that the Duke 's knowledge of the corrupt contract in this business of French 's levy is confirmed by the evidence of Miss Taylor . She states , that once only when she and Mrs. C. and the D. of Y. were together , she heard the Duke speak of French and his levy , and as nearly as she could recollect , he said , `` I am continually worried by col. French . He worries me continually about the levy business , and is always wanting something more in his own favour : '' and turning to Mrs. C. she thinks he said , `` how does he behave to you , darling ? '' or some such words as he used to use ; that was all that was said . She is then asked , `` Do you recollect any thing further passing than what you have stated ? '' Mrs. C. replied , `` middling , not very well ; that was all she said—Was that the whole