have none , except in the declarations of Mrs. Clarke , and the story , which he had been just examining , of Miss Taylor . This was all that we had upon that head in the shape of testimony . There was , it was urged , the general presumption , arising from the rate at which the Duke of York saw his mistress live , compared with the money which he allowed her . Knowing that the one was inadequate to the other , the allowance to the expence , he must have been satisfied , it is said , that she had indirect means of profit ; and these could be no other than bribes received for the exertion of her influence . It may be true , that the Duke of York ought to have made this calculation ; but nothing appears to me more natural and likely than that in point of fact he did not . Persons bred to small fortunes and to economical habits , may find a difficulty of believing how any one could much mistake in the proportion between his income and expenditure : yet , surely , examples of such mistakes are not wanting , nor fail to occur daily , even in the lower walks of life ; and much more may they be expected in persons placed from their infancy above the want of money , and whose minds have been directed to any thing rather than to the management of their own affairs . There is no limit to the errors which such persons may commit , when endeavouring to form such estimates ; and who knows that the Duke of York ever thought upon the subject ? He bad not only his habits of idleness , but his habits of diligence , to contend with ; and if any one would form to himself an idea of the business which a Commander in Chief had to go through every day of his life , and which the Duke of York did go through , he would neither wonder at , nor be much disposed to blame , any instance of ignorance or inattention that might occur in the management of his private affairs . Much of Mrs. Clarke 's expences too , it must be remembered , never came within the cognizance of her protector , and many of them possibly were never intended to do so . Her great dinners were all necessarily given when he was not present . The reasoning , therefore , that would fix upon the Duke of York the gross charge of having connived at his mistress 's corrup- 507 tions , inasmuch as he must be presumed to have known , that she could not otherwise have gone on without a greater debt than she was found , in fact , to have contracted , is of a nature infinitely too loose and uncertain to be allowed of for that purpose , whatever shade of suspicion gentlemen thinking more of it than I do , may consider it as casting over the whole of the case . Here the case may be considered as closing , respecting that part of the charge on which the illustrious personage in question , and all those interested in his reputation , must feel beyond comparison the most jealous ; I mean that gross and foul part which would inmate to the royal Duke the idea of participation or even connivance . The whole of this , with the aid of such a surmise as that which I have recently adverted to , rests on the sole assertion of Mrs. Clarke , or if you please , of Mrs. Clarke , backed by Miss Taylor . All the abundant proof contained in the other parts of the evidence , the direct , the circumstancial , the proof by inference , the proof by assertion , tell nothing as to the point really in question , namely , the knowledge of these things ( meaning always the corrupt part of them , ) by the Duke of York . With all your efforts ,