the injustice of finding the Duke guilty on evidence not sanctioned by an oath ; those transactions too , made public , so much to the scandal of all the world , would have been avoided , and the house would have been at no loss to distinguish vi hat was credible , from what was incredible evidence ; that which was probable , from that which was improbable . His own opinion was , that it would be better not to pass either Resolution or Address , but simply to have laid the evidence before the king . It might be objected that this would be throwing the whole onus and responsibility on his majesty . The same , however , would be the case if either of the Addresses was to be presented . It would be a broad hint , equal to addressing his majesty , for the removal of the Duke of York from the situation of 544 Commander in Chief . His lordship hoped the house would consider well what it was doing ; that it would not be induced by threats from without doors to do too much , nor by threats from within to do too little . If the house was convinced that , under all the circumstances of the case , the Duke of York was not fit to be longer continued in the situation of Commander in Chief of the Army of this country , no person , he hoped , would be deterred from giving his vote to that effect because it was to operate against a prince , the son of the king . He confessed that he , for one , felt a great objection to any son of the king holding any responsible situation . It was impossible not to see the painful feelings of the house on this occasion ; but they must not be deterred from doing their duty by considerations of that description . They must address his majesty , not to remove the D. of Y. , but to remove the Commander in Chief . As Duke of York the house must be warped with prejudices in his favour ; but he did not agree with a noble lord on the other side ( lord Castlereagh ) , that if the house removed this Commander in Chief they would not be able to find a substitute . He agreed that it was an advantage to have one of the royal family placed in the situation of Commander in Chief , as they were not likely to be so mixed with parties as other subjects who might hold that office . But the other inconveniences attending such an appointment overcame its advantages . It was said , however , that if the Duke of York were removed , we would not get another person to accept of the office , or so competent to hold it with the same advantage to the army and the public service . Was England , then , so destitute of military merit , that but one individual could be found competent to the discharge of the duties of Commander in Chief ? Surely some one might be selected besides the Duke of York worthy of that high trust . But , even if this was admitted , it proved nothing ; inconveniences were not to be argued to determine whether or no the D. of Y. was guilty . His being a great general was no answer , and could be no reason for continuing him in his situation , if he was proved guilty of the charges brought against him . But , he would ask the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) whether , if it should ever be the fate of this country to maintain the present struggle upon its own shores , he considered the D. of Y. the only person who could act as Commander in Chief ? The Duke of Marl- 545 borough had been removed from the office of Commander in Chief on grounds somewhat Similar ; and the Duke of Marlborough was a greater general than the Duke of York