but he says that he paid her too much , for that she had done nothing for it . No part of the letter is applicable to the subject of his original appointment ; and does not at a ! ) , when duly considered , convey any such meaning . What meaning does it then convey ? Plainly this : that Shaw , having gotten his office from sir H. Burrard , on the condition of going on half-pay , had heard of Mrs. Clarke 's influence , and conceived the idea of obtaining , through her means , to go again on full pay . This , it seems by the letter , she persuaded him WAS DONE ; and he paid her as if it was ; but finding , as he was sailing , that the tiling was not not finally accomplished , he wrote to complain of the delay ; though , at the same time , it appears , he still had some reliance on her representations . This construction of the letter is supported by Mr. Charles Shaw 's testimony , who paid Mrs. Clarke the 200l. , and indeed by all the other evidence : and no possible construction can reconcile its expressions with the story of Mrs. Clarke . Thus , sir , is this Case answered by the most certain facts , and the fairest inferences . But I know , that all these inferences will be denied , and these facts will be overlooked ; and we shall be told , that all our legal quibbling can no more clear the Duke of this charge , than it has of the others ( Hear ! hear ! ) . I perceive , sir , I am right in this conjecture . Well , then , I will now proceed to state , what I kept for the last , the irrefragable proof of my assertion , that I should prove this to be a case of the most infamous and unfounded falsehood . I at first treated it as we had done other charges , in order to show , in the event , that our system of examination and deduction was right ; and to obtain credit in those other cases for our mode of argument , by the corroboration which it will receive in this , from incontrovertible facts . It appears , sir , from Mrs. Clarke 's evidence , that having got 200l . from Coutts 's bank on col. Shaw 's account , and being dissatisfied with this payment , she complained to his royal highness of Shaw 's conduct , in sending so small a sum ; and that his answer was , `` I told you , all along , that you had a bad sort of man to deal with , and ought to have been more careful ; but I will immediately put him on half pay . '' Let us now , sir , consider the dates of 3his affair , which , fortunately , we have been 468 able to collect . It appears , from Coutts 's banking-books , tbat the 200l . was issued by them on the 9th of May , 1806 ; and it was paid over to Mrs. Clarke on the same day . With this payment she was dissatisfied ; and it must , therefore , have ' been after the 9th of May , 1806 , that the Duke promised to punish Shaw , by removing him to the half-pay . Now , sir , observe , aud I beg of the house to honour me with its attention ; we have the official documents of placing col. Shaw on the half-pay , dated 8th of May , 1806 , the day before this alledged offence was , at the very soonest , committed ( Hear ! Hear ! ) . See , also , how all the other dates give this `` incontrovertible '' witness the lie . On the 29th of March , 1806 , sir H. Burrard says , `` Shaw gratefully accepts the place . I explained