, when , if they had decided between the Address and Resolutions , he would move for an adjournment of this debate over Wednesday , and that the Call of the House be enforced on Thursday ; and if they did not come to any decision then , that the present motion for a Call tomorrow , when the business should go on , might be acceded to . was ready to accede to the proposition of the right hon . gent. , not only on his own account , but on account of the right hon . member who filled the Chair . He had only to observe , that his desisting at this moment did not imply that the Call was dropped , but that , whether to-morrow or the next day , it might be enforced till the business was concluded . said , his feelings towards the right hon . the Speaker were paramount to every other consideration . But he conjured the house upon no other consideration to put off or delay coming to a ' decision upon this question , upon which the eyes of the country were fixed , and in which the character of the illustrious indi- 423 vidual accused was so much implicated and injured by every moment that was lost . returned his thanks to the house for their attention towards him , and the indulgence with which they seemed disposed to treat him , but he might venture without affectation to say , that he found no disability in himself to continue to discharge his duty , so long as the house found it expedient to carry on these discussions . Lord Folkestone then withdrew his motion for the present . before the house proceeded to the other business of the night , wished to call their attention to a matter which affected their privileges . In whatever manner the Speeches of members might be reported out of doors , he was sure , that even in so humble an individual as himself , they ought not to he misrepresented . A Morning Paper , in stating the purport of what fell from him last night , said , that he `` spoke in favour of the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . '' Nothing could be further from his view of the subject , as those hon . gentlemen who had done him the honour of attending to him , would be ready to bear witness . The house were , indeed , at the time he spoke very impatient , and this , perhaps , with the noise that prevailed , and the disturbed state of the house , might prevent the person who reported him from hearing distinctly what he said . The line he took , so far from agreeing with the Chancellor of the Exchequer , was to point out the necessity of putting the Duke of York upon his trial , and giving him an opportunity of defending himself . He had thought it necessary to say this much , in order to set himself right , but did not mean to take any ulterior proceedings , as all his purposes were attained by explaining the matter . after a short conversation with the Chancellor of the Exchequer , postponed his motion for the further consideration of the evidence of gen. Clavering till Monday next . rose , and observed , that had it not been for the exhausted state of the house this morning he would have pressed upon its attention some considerations respecting the course of proceeding , which the hon . and learned gent. , the Solicitor-General , had said to be 424 so complicated , that it was impossible for any member to declare whether he should say Aye or No . It was , however , somewhat extraordinary , that the hon . and learned gent. , making every allowance for his great ingenuity , should have understood in four minutes what he conceived it impossible for the other members to comprehend in four days . Mr. Wynn then stated some objections to the course proposed