I see why the supporters of an Address should oppose our coming to a resolution : a resolution is the fittest and best foundation for an Address ; and so far from precluding it as an ultimate course , it facilitates and prepares it ; while , on the other hand , if we decide to have an 474 Address at first , we decide to have no Resolution at all , or , if at all , when it shall be superfluous . To begin by the Address , is a proposition not unlike that of the professor in the Laputan Academy , who had a project for building houses by beginning at the roof , and so descending downwards in the work to the very foundation . Thus , sir , an Address being the last proceeding I which parliament can adopt , and which I should be , as it were , the very apex of our discussions , we are to begin by it ; and hen , if we choose , forsooth , we may work downwards , until , finally , we put the foundation of a Resolution under the edifice which we have erected ( Hear ! hear ! ) . But if the absurdity of this course is no I objection with some gentlemen , surely the inconvenience of it should ; and that , at this protracted stage of the discussion , the confusion and length in which the debating an Address , before we had settled what it was to contain , would involve us , ought to deter the strongest and the boldest amongst us from the undertaking . Not the substance alone of every sentence will then be to be examined , but every expression will be liable to attack , defence , and reply : and when all these details are finished , if ever they should be finished , we shall have a new question on the whole tenour and general complexion of this eternal Address . Let met ask what the subject matter of our proceedings is ? It is easy to answer , `` the Duke of York 's case . '' And that , in terms , is simple enough . But do we not know that the Duke of York 's case consists often or a dozen charges , some of a lighter , ; some of a graver nature ; some alleged to be proved , and some admitted to be disproved ; some insisted on by one set of gentlemen as a matter of offence , by others as subjects of praise , and by a third as having no relation at all to the question ? Are we ignorant , that , in all these various cases , and their subordinate and component parts , there may be numerous shades of guilt calling for as numerous degrees of censure ? Do we not know , that , upon all those shades of guilt and censure , there are as many different shades of opinion as there are members in this house ? Good God , sir , where are we to end , and what future day is to witness our determination ? But if we propose resolutions of fact , and take the sense of the house distinctly upon each , the difficulty and delay , if not entirely removed , will be at least diminished , and we shall-have some pros- 475 pect of living to see the conclusion of this debate . In the very situation in which we are placed , I see the proof of what I assert . We are here sitting with three Addresses before us , in which no one but the respective mover has expressed his implicit and entire concurrence . The noble Lord opposite ( Folkestone ) will vole for the first Address , though it does not satisfy him [ Lord Folkestone here shook his head . ] I repeat it , sir , in spite of the abnutation of the noble Lord . The noble Lord has declared that he thinks that the Duke of York is