in which he viewed it , to propose other terms for the house , expressing its sentiments in a manner more consistent with the circumstances of the case , and more congenial to the feelings of the illustrious personage under whom the army had flourished for many years . Without intruding his proposition at present , however , he should only suggest what he thought would be most proper upon such an occasion ; namely ; `` That , while this house acknowledges the beneficent efforts of the regulations adopted and acted upon by his royal highness in the general discharge of his duties as Commander in Chief , it has observed with the deepest regret , that in consequence of a connection the most immoral and unbecoming , a communication on official subjects , and an interference in the distribution of military appointments and promotions , has been allowed to exist , which could not but lead to discredit the official administration of his royal highness , and to give colour and effect , as they have actually done , to transactions the most criminal and disgraceful . '' —Much as it was my wish to have followed the Chancellor of the Exchequer in this debate , I am now glad that the rt . hon . gent. , who last addressed you , has interposed ; and that the house has had the advantage of hearing his clear and judicious statement of that part of the voluminous mass of evidence upon your table , to which he has chosen more particularly to advert . It will save you the trouble of hearing any thing from me on that head of the subject . His deductions are fair and perspicuous ; his arguments sound , and such , as I think , no man can overturn . I agree entirely in the conclusions he has drawn , and think he has put the house in possession of all that can be urged in support of them.—In the speech which he concluded this evening , the Chancellor of the Exchequer has surpassed himself . I can with truth say , that , in my opinion , a better speech has never been delivered by any living member of the House of Commons . Greatly as I differ from him , on the subject now under deliberation , I could not withhold my tribute of applause , and admiration , to the talents which he 160 has displayed . If , unhappily , the D. of Y. shall fall under the censure of this house , certain I am that his misfortune will not have arisen from the want of an advocate in the administration , willing , and able to defend his cause . I confess that , at first , I was much affected by the ingenious eloquence of the right hon . gent . ; but , reflection has restored the impressions , which the hearing , and consideration of the evidence , had previously made upon my mind , and those impressions I am about to submit to the house . Sir , although I have the misfortune to differ from the right hon . gentleman , respecting the Charges against the D. of Y. , I am nevertheless , fully prepared to admit that he has been actuated by conscientious motives . In his speech there has been a perfect consistency with the sentiments he has uniformly maintained . I purposely make this early admission , in order that , if I should hereafter find it necessary to animadvert with severity upon any parts of that speech , it may be imputed to the nature of the subject , and not to a deficiency of respect for the intentions , or personal character of the speaker.—Sir , the right hon . gent . began , and concluded his speech , with vehement attacks on my hon . friend , the mover of the great question now before the house . I own , I was not a little surprised , to hear my hon . friend arraigned for having said , that the country , after