What and how much more mischief might not the precedent do in criminal cases ? He had , when the proposition was first made for calling these gentlemen to the bar , opposed it in limine , and he repented that he had not taken the sense of the house upon the question . If he had pressed his opposition to a division , he was confident that he should have had with him on the division all that numerous class of gentlemen in the house who had had a professional education . If they were to believe that Miss Taylor and Mrs. C. had been engaged in a conspiracy , and that Mrs. C. could forge the D. of Y . 's hand-writing , let them but recollect what means they would have possessed to accomplish their diabolical purposes . This Note had been sent from the Horse-guards , and Ludowick Orramin had said , that he was frequently in the habit of carrying Notes from that place to Mrs. C. This Note was not like the letter respecting gen. Clavering ; it was a note upon business , and imported what had been done in consequence of a note to which it was the answer . `` I received your Note , and Tonyn 's business shall remain as it is . '' What could be the meaning of this Note , unless that the Duke had stopped the promotion of Tonyn in consequence of Mrs. C. 's Note ? This circumstance was so strong that , giving full weight to all the objections that had been urged , he could not vote that his royal highness had not been guilty of corruption , or connivance at corruption . The next question was , Whether the house of commons should vote an Address to his majesty for the removal of h. r. h. from his command , upon even a suspicion of what had been proved in evidence . If they were to go to an impeachment , that would be a tardy proceeding , and in the mean time the minister would remain in his situation . The house had in the last instance , respecting the first lord of the Admiralty ( lord Melville ) carried up Resolutions to the throne , and procured his removal , though not for any act done in his 413 office as lord of the Admiralty , but in an office which he had held many years before . He would admit , however , that the proceedings against that noble person had been founded upon depositions taken upon oath before parliamentary commissioners . But if the house could not proceed to address his majesty for the removal of a public servant , against whom such proofs could be brought , without the power of examining witnesses upon oath , if their inquisitorial powers , in pursuance of which they had the authority to enquire into abuses in all departments of the state , and used to appoint committees for that purpose , though that was now become a form , should thus be rendered nugatory for want of power to examine witnesses upon oath , it was time to amend the law of parliament , and apply to the other house to agree in passing an act to render the powers of the Commons efficient to their object . It had been said that the D. of Y. was to be considered in the same light as the meanest individual in the country ; but had he been treated as the highest peer ? Suppose the case to have happened to any peer of the land , who might have been Commander in Chief , and that the same facts had been proved against him , would not that house have addressed that he should be removed from his command ? A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) had said that they could not punish a prince of the blood if not determined to alter the succession . Why , that circumstance of the connection between the illustrious sovereign on the throne , and the object