respect to the Bill on this subject that had been formerly introduced into the other house , with every sentiment of respect for the noble lord by whom it had been introduced , and for the learned authority in whom it was known to have originated , he confessed that he could not see any thing in that Bill but a great multiplicity of expence , and a great augmentation of patronage . If , however , there were any part of that Bill for which the hon . gent , entertained a partiality , it would be perfectly competent to him to propose a modification of the present measures when it should be in the Committee . Unquestionably there were many defects in the system of Bankrupt Laws to which the Bill that the had had the honour of introducing did not extend . He had never professed to remove all those defects . He had not sufficient knight errantry for such an attempt . While therefore , he allowed , with another hon . gent. , that it might be better if , instead of the present loose and extended system a permanent and limited tribunal were established for the administration of the Bankrupt Laws , he assured him that he had not the presumption to offer to make so considerable an alteration at the present moment . —Were I influenced by a prudent regard to my own credit , rather than by the lively public interest I feel in this important question , I should not now present myself to your notice ; for my feeble powers , unequal at all times to a contest with the hon . gent . who has just sat down , are more than usually so at present from the effects of bodily indisposition . But as the habits of my life , and the course of my political enquiries , have given me information on the great subject before you , such as is not generally possessed , I think it a duty to offer some observations upon it which appear to me to deserve the serious attention of the house . Though I differ widely from the hon . gent. , not only in his practical conclusion , but as to many of the most important premises of fact from which he has reasoned , there is much in his very able and eloquent speech to which I sincerely assent.—I concur especially , and with my whole heart , in those moral principles of policy for which he contends ; and found explained in the same letter by passages which immediately follow the remark . I have said in my letter of the 10th of Oct. that `` I had no precise instructions '' as to the manner of conducting and illustrating `` the subject '' confided to my management , but you will suffer me to enter my friendly protest against all suppositions that . `` the manner , the time , and the conditions of the overture '' were left to my own `` discretion ; '' that I had a power `` nearly `` absolute '' over it ; or that it was `` in a `` great measure of my own suggestion . '' I will trouble you no farther , sir , on this occasion , than to assure you , that nothing could give me more sincere pleasure than to see fulfilled the hope which you express , that it may yet fall to our lot to be instrumental in the renewal of good understanding between our governments.—I have , & c. ( Signed ) WM . PINKNEV . opposed the Amendment ; he said he had had no intention of rising that night , but that the very extraordinary speech of the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Whitbread ) called irresistibly upon him . The hon . gent . had set out by doing Buonaparté the favour of trying to find a parallel for his late attack upon Spain , and he had boasted of having found many ; but in the register of British discussion , in the recollections