and packets of papers and references , and all that theatrical display , and the anxious choice of words in order to be quite accurate in his answers , as it seemed to him , 381 so as to leave no doubt as to his precise meaning on every point , he did imagine that any evidence from such a witness , so well prepared to afford the house the most minutely exact information , would have been complete at first ; would have required and indeed admitted of no explanation ; that it would have been impossible to have uttered a word without altering the meaning of the witness . When he was asked whether the rules and regulations made for army promotions were observed , he answered 'Invariably ; ' but on several cases being mentioned wherein these invariable rules had been varied , he explained his meaning when he said invariably ' to have been 'generally , excepting particular occasions ; ' in other words , excepting when they were varied : and the witness became afterwards as unprecise and cautious in his answers as he had been before precise and peremptory ; and lie always qualified his replies with 'saving exceptions , ' 'errors excepted , as in merchants ' accounts . ' He did not pretend to say that col. Gordon had any intention to mislead , or speak any other than what he conceived to be the truth , any more than the former witness , upon whose evidence he had remarked ; but he did say that , if it was fair to make all these allowances for gentlemen so conversant with the business of the world , and so seemingly accurate , it was unfair to blot out Mrs. C. 's testimony , for want of an invariable and minute correctness required from no other witness . Mrs. C. was certainly as much entitled , or more , to every allowance of this nature , for the facts to which she spoke were infinitely more various and more complicated ; whilst the distance of time when they had taken place , though it had not impaired the accuracy of her memory in material points , must necessarily have occasioned some mistakes in the less important circumstances . His wonder was , that she could recollect so many minute particulars of so many intricate transactions as she did . But though the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the hon . member for Cambridgeshire could not believe Mrs. C. 's nor any of the rest of the testimony , nor even major Tonyn 's note to be the hand-writing of h. r. b . ( which was fully proved , observe , by the best possible evideuce , ) yet they could believe it to be forged by Mrs. C , of which there is not a tittle of evidence nor even a shadow of pretence . They can also believe that Mr. Donovan , capt . Sandon , Mr. Maltby , Mrs. Hovenden , and the 382 whole crew of intriguers who have appeared at the bar , were the dupes of Mrs. C. : she had no influence to sell ; and these poor unsuspecting souls , who appeared , however , to have less of the dove than of the serpent kind about them , much less of the innocence of the dove than of the guile of the serpent , were induced to give her their money for nothing : she swindled them , poor gentlemen , out of their money ; sold them a bargain ; representing herself as possessed of an influence which never existed ; and , what must put the matter beyond doubt is , that they themselves tell you so . They never believed she had any such influence , although they gave their money for it ; nor indeed ever had any concern in such transactions There 's Mr. Donovan is as peremptory as col. Gordon . He is asked if he was ever engaged in these affairs , 'Never , ' he replies ; but at last conies a long string of 'errors