been so opposite . Mr. Dowler was the son of a man who had been for fifteen years a member of the Whig Club , and the constant opponent of sir Brook Watson in his own ward . It was not to be supposed then , that he would have provided a place , and in his own office , for the son of that gentleman ; at least it would require great credulity to believe that fact . But when he had been appointed , sir Brook Watson did not interfere , though he sent him abroad the following day . With regard to col. French 's levy , there was something exceedingly suspicious in it ; he would not go into it , but the evidence had been in a great measure confirmed by the letters . Though he did not apprehend that his royal highness had any corrupt motive or criminal participation in the transaction , still it was something astonishing , in his 586 mind , that it had not excited , at least , the suspicion of the Duke of York . If he had not been blinded by his attachment to that woman , it was impossible that he should not have suspected , if not known , the corrupt practice that was carried on . For the actual state of the case on that head , they bad to look to the evidence of Miss Taylor , confirmed by the notes which had been found in the bureau of Sandon , and which shewed , that a continual correspondence existed between him and Mrs. Clarke , who , whether he was or was not her dupe , had cunning enough to persuade him , that she could forward his projects in military matters with the Duke of York . If he was not her dupe , he was , however , advancing her money all the time , and must consequently have believed her to have had some influence with his royal highness to effect his purpose . Few things had struck his mind more forcibly than the circumstance that gentlemen , having once taken up one side of this question , allowed themselves to suppose , that the words mentioned by Miss Taylor to have been spoken by the Duke , had actually been spoken , and that they could have been spoken with very innocent effect . Supposing , then , the words to have been actually spoken , why should they have been addressed to Mrs. Clarke , or what other meaning could they have had , but `` what money was she getting by the `` levy ? '' What else should she have to do with French 's levy ? Considering , therefore , only the internal evidence of the thing , and that Miss Taylor could not remember conversations which had occurred more recently ; considering also , that Mrs. Clarke had a communication with Miss Taylor upon the subject , in which she might easily , and without Miss Taylor 's being aware of it , alter her conception of the expressions ; he did not think that this evidence was enough to fix the Duke of York with privity in the corruption , or participation in the profits . As to the case of capt . Tonyn , he could not suppose that the note , which bad been so much the subject of comment , could have been fabricated by Mrs. Clarke ; or that she would run the risk of detection in the course of a cross-examination . Though he admitted that capt . Sandon was not to be believed , vet when he considered that he had , on his arrival at Portsmouth , given the same account to col. Hamilton , of the note , that he had given at the bar , he was ready to conclude that he had told only the truth . The 587 case of captain Turner shewed clearly the consequence of a Commander in Chief listening to such persons as Mrs. Clarke . The resignation of that officer had been suspended on the suggestion of