the plainest reasons . Indeed , the noble lord 's military plans , always proceeding upon the principle that the population of the country was insufficient to furnish an adequate supply for the army , through the means of ordinary recruiting , he was surprised that the noble lord should desire , by the system of ballot , which produced a demand for substitutes , to send so many competitors into the market where the article was so scarce ; this number naturally tending to enhance the value of that article , and thus to injure the interests of government , which ought , as he contended , to have the monopoly of that market . was adverse to the measure because he could not reconcile it with any idea of justice towards the militia , or of policy towards the country , that such a draft should be made , particularly if it were true , as stated in the returns Oh the table , that our army only lost 5,000 men in the campaigns of Spain and Portugal . considered it his duty to call for the production of a Letter written by sir John Moore to lord Castlereagh , which , in his opinion , was necessary , with the other papers already moved for , to assist the house in deciding upon the measures adopted during the Campaigns in Spain and Portugal . He should , therefore , move , `` That there he laid before the house a copy , or extracts , of sir John Moore 's letter of the 13th of January last , to lord Castlereagh . '' said , that , at the time the other papers were communicated to the house , respecting the measures which had been pursued in Spain , it had been thought improper to produce the document just now moved for . He would assure the house , when this letter came to be placed on their lordships ' table , they would then clearly perceive the impropriety of its being produced before them . When sir John Moore wrote the letter alluded to , he expressed himself as desiring it might not be considered a public and official communication , because he was not enabled at that instant to convey a more correct statement , but should take an early opportunity of sending a more accurate dispatch . The letter also contained other matter , which clearly shewed sir John Moore never intended it to be considered or produced as a public document . These were the reasons which would have inclined his majesty 's government not to have acceded to the production ; but when noble lords opposite were so strenuous in maintaining a contrary opinion , upon second consideration he should think it right not to resist the motion , because , although considerable detriment was done by acceding to the production of letters of this description , still more injury might arise , if , after being repeatedly called upon , they should withhold the communication . He was therefore disposed not to resist the noble earl 's motion , but was the more readily inclined to accede to it on account of its being worded in that way which left the production discretionary as to a copy or extracts . acquiesced in the propriety which ought to be attended to in not producing letters and papers which might be of a private nature only . But with respect to the letter of sir John Moore , it must be allowed it was not altogether private , but 806 related to measures of which the house would not be enabled from other sources to supply the information . It probably was very true , when that officer wrote he was not prepared to communicate in that correct manner which he afterwards intended to do by a regular dispatch ; however , such was the event and the mournful calamity that ensued , he had no doubt sir John Moore never could find an opportunity to fulfil his intentions on that subject . Without this letter , therefore , the house would not