able speech upon the subject , and that he was disposed not to follow up his Resolution by any measure upon what he called the moral part of the question.—That part of the subject he had taken care to have introduced in the manner in which alone it ought to have been mentioned , in the amended Address which he had submitted to the house.— ( Cries of Question , question ! ) The bare immorality of the case was not , however , in his mind , a ground for parliament to proceed upon . They possessed , in his opinion , considerable censorial powers ; but notwithstanding that powers of that parricidal description belonged to parliament , it 680 was not bound to act upon them , unless some political consequence was to have resulted from the immorality to which such powers might be applied . It did not appear that any inconvenience in the discharge of the official duties of the Duke of York 's department had resulted from the immoral connection which he had formed , though some of the appointments which had been solicited by his mistress had unquestionably been obtained . If the Resolution should be agreed to , there would remain no case upon which to address the Throne ; and in order that gentlemen , who approved of one part of it , and could not vote for the other , might have an opportunity of moving their separation by an Amendment , he put it to the worthy baronet , whether it would not be desirable for him to withdraw his Amendment ; but if the hon . baronet should still press his Amendment , he should certainly vote against it . observed , that the arguments of the hon . gent . who put it to him to withdraw his Amendment , had been directed against the complex nature of the original proposition . Not one of his observations applied to his motion , and , therefore he could not consent to withdraw his Amendment . wished to express his concurrence , in a great part of that which had fallen from the last speaker ( Mr. Bankes ) connivance at that which was criminal , could not but be also criminal ; and yet personal corruption , or participation in corruption , were crimes of a deeper die than some of those degrees in which a connivance at the commission of them might exist . The vote they were called upon to give confounded all these offences ; and while they were asked to acquit the Duke of York of personal corruption and participation , they were at the same time called upon to declare him innocent of any connivance , for so it was worded , at the practices which had been laid before the house . A refer-rence to such authority as that of our great interpreter , Dr. Johnson , seemed to him in this case to merit attention , and he could not but add to what had been already said on that authority , that the verb `` to connive '' is explained by the expressions , among others , of `` to for bear , to pass uncensured . '' Now , the evidence was before them on the table ; the interference and influence of Mrs. C. were fully proved , and who that admitted those facts could lay his hand upon his heart and declare that , in respect to her corrupt 681 practices , the D. of Y. did not `` forbear '' did not `` pass them uncensured '' To confine , then , in one proposition all these species of offence , was not the way to ascertain the true sense of the house upon the conduct of his royal highness.— He should have been glad , ( had the patience of the house admitted it ) to have so far explained a vote , the most important perhaps , the most reluctant certainly , which he ever gave , as merely to shew that he had profited by the caution of a right hon . and learned