of Mrs. C. and that those persons must have known of it , he would not have done something for col. French and capt Sandon , with a view to the alleviation of their disappointment ? whether , in short , he would have cut down their hopes at once , and have turned them forth , in a manner to provoke them by the natural impulse of their irritated feelings , to afford the means of his detection , and to expose his corruption ? Yet it is true , that after this levy was discontinued , there was an application on the part of col. French and capt . Sandon , for a modification and renewal of the levy . They wished for an opportunity of making the trial again ; but the D. of Y. positively refused his consent ; and I must leave the house to determine , whether this was the conduct of a man who had any cause to fear the displeasure of the persons whose applications he refused ? With respect to the report of gen. Taylor , it is fair to observe , that the officers of the army dislike this mode of recruiting for general service , as contra-distinguished from regimental recruiting ; yet it is materially essential to many parts of the service , especially for the East-India Company 's service , that it 104 should go on ; and the difficulty of procuring men at the time we are alluding to , being considered , no one will be disposed to deny the necessity which existed for thus recruiting men for general service . It was natural that col. French , who appears to have , been successful in a former levy , should have offered , and that his offer should have been accepted , to raise a number of men by general levy at this particular period ; and the offer having been accepted on given terms , it was necessary and essential to justice , that col-French should have the opportunity of making his exertions , with all the advantage which the Letter of Service allowed to him . Upon the whole , then , I feel confident , that as upon a due examination of this case , there is no ground for imputing to h. r. h. any knowledge of Mrs. C. 's corrupt practices ; so neither does it furnish any ground whatever for imputing to him any criminal neglect of the interests of the public . The next Case which was brought before us , is the Case of Major Tonyn ; and I can not help observing , that there is no one Case amongst ail the charges , in which the whole progress of the transaction appears to be more demonstrably uniform , regular , and official : originating in a most respectable and natural source of application , and effected under circumstances in which the idea of the influence of Mrs. C , or of any one else , is most clearly and satisfactorily negatived and excluded . It arises not only out of the recommendation of a general officer , but that general officer the father of maj. Tonyn . It was well and favourably received , but for a time was not successful . At length it succeeds , but when ? and how ? Does it succeed on Mrs. C. 's application ? Unquestionably not . Col. Gordon tells us , that when it was in contemplation that there should be a great increase in the army , not less than fifty battalions , `` I received orders , '' he says , `` from the Commander in Chief , to prepare a list of the senior officers of the army , of each rank , and to take their names from the book of recommendations where they had been noted . '' In consequence of this command he did prepare a list : maj. Tonyn 's name was upon it : there were fifty-three appointed to majorities ; among them were twenty-nine captains of the years 1791 , 1795 , 1796 , 1797 , and