But I confess , Sir , that there appears to me some reason to suspect , that ministers have no intention whatever to make any further grant , and that their only object is to lull the people of Ireland with a delusive expectation , that future grants will be made , and in the mean time to secure a comfortable establishment for their friends upon the Consolidated Fund ; for which reason I am determined to take the sense of the Committee on the motion proposed by the right hon . Secretary ; and I feel myself strongly justified in so doing , as I am persuaded that if his majesty 's ministers were sincere in wishing to promote inland navigation in Ireland , there is at least one measure sufficiently ripe for adoption , if they had thought fit to avail themselves of it ; namely , the extension of the Grand Canal to the towns of Roscrca , Nenagh , and Tipperary , upon one level of above 120 miles ; and from thence into the most fertile parts of the county of Tipperary , by Cahir , Clonmell , and Carrick-on-Suir ; and uniting the great ports of Limerick and Waterford , with that of Dublin.— This is a line in which I have no personal interest whatsoever : but this line , whether it be considered in a military , or com- 829 mercial point of view , whether as furnishing the best and speediest means of concentrating the internal force , and distributing the internal produce of the island ; or whether we consider it as tending to accelerate the civilization of a very disturbed , although very valuable district of country , is an object of great national importance ; and ought not to be deferred until another session . '' said , that he thought it rather extraordinary that the hon . member who spoke last , and the right hon . baronet who preceded him , having both professed themselves to be such warm friends to the measure for the further extension of Inland Navigation in Ireland , should , notwithstanding , determine to oppose the introduction of a bill , whose avowed object was the carrying of that measure into effect . `` Does not this look more like peevish opposition , than any real disposition to maintain the public welfare ? What is the question before the Committee ? —'That leave be given to bring in a bill for the further extension of Inland Navigation in Ireland . ' With the provisions of the bill , in the present stage of the business , the Committee had nothing to do . Gentlemen can not , be so ignorant of parliamentary proceedings , as not to know , that if the bill , when produced and read , should be found inadequate to , or at variance with , the object it proposes to accomplish , they may refuse to give it a second reading ; or they may , if they think fit , introduce such provisions in a Committee on the bill , as shall model it to their own liking . But it is impossible to give credit to the professions made by gentlemen , of their anxiety to promote Inland Navigation , and at the same time to suppose them serious in their avowed intention of endeavouring to throw out a bill which simply proposes to accomplish that object . A right hon . baronet , and an hon . gentleman near him , have made frequent allusions to me , as the author of the original measure of granting 500,000l . at the time of the Union , for the extension of Inland Navigation in Ireland . This , Sir , is a measure which I have no reason to be ashamed of , neither in respect to the principle which actuated it , nor to the manner in which that principle has been followed up by the very able and upright officers to whom the business was entrusted . They have performed their duty with zeal and ability ; and the beneficial tweets of