of her own brain , a pure romance ? Who could have believed that she could have produced a letter written by the Commander in Chief , to shew that a clergyman of the established church , of dignity sufficient to aspire to the mitre , had placed himself under the protection of Mrs. Clarke , and that h. r. h. had condescended to assist the views of that reverend divine upon her recommendation ? that she could produce a document signed by the archbishop of Tuam , ( not indeed addressed to her , but to Dr. O'Meara himself ) genuine however and undisputed ? Sir , if the plans of vengeance ascribed to her by the right honourable gentleman had been so deeply laid as he contends they were , if she had been actuated by that deadly hatred and malice which he has so forcibly pourtrayed , if she had brought the D. of Y. here for the purpose of exposing him , would not these letters have been put in front of the battle ? Would she have waited till gen. Clavering had awakened her recollection to their existence ; till it became necessary to expose to the world which was the false witness ? till it became necessary to shew that the circumstance of a clergyman asking , receiving , and finding effectual to a certain extent , her protection , was no romantic tale , but a simple narrative of a fact ? Sir , I have seen no traces in her conduct , either in her applications to my learned friend Mr. Adam , in her examination in chief , or in her cross-examination , which lead me to disbelieve her because she acts under the baneful influence of the passions imputed to her . True it is , that when from the hoards of Mr. Nicholls , whom the learned judge has considered the sheet anchor of testimony , but who appears to me dishonestly to have retained letters committed to his servant , for the express purpose of being destroyed , and under the implied engagement that they 181 should be destroyed ; and who afterwards unjustly withheld from her the property which he had thus fraudulently obtained ; when from the hoards of Mr. Nicholls , and amongst the number of those letters which had been thus accidentally preserved , there did appear recorded in the hand-writing of gen. Clavering , in characters as black as Erebus , a further condemnation of that witness , and another conclusive contradiction of the evidence which he had given , a smile of satisfaction did overspread her countenance : and if she was gratified by this complete over- throw of her adversary ; by the detection of one who , she thought , owed her something of kindness and had repaid her with ingratitude , who , in his attempts to destroy her , had so egregiously duped himself ; I own for one , I can forgive it . I can pardon the emotion of pleasure which I perceived , and do not ascribe it to any other than the uncontroulable impulse of our nature . To gen. Clavering is to be attributed , and to his interference , the disclosure of some of the circumstances which bear the hardest upon the D. of Y. ; and he came before you to impose his own statements upon the house under the mask of exposing the falsehoods of others . Sir the right hon . gent . has been induced to confess , ( what was sufficiently obvious , ) that Mrs. Clarke completely foiled all her examiners . The right hon . gent . has endeavoured to account for the fact , in a manner which is not satisfactory to me . He has told us , in terms which I am not inclined to contradict , of her sarcastic insolence , and playful pleasantry , her general cleverness and versatility , her art and trick in answering those questions which she chose to answer , her dexterity in evading others , and misleading the examiner , and of her unblushing effrontery