a piece of church preferment from the Duke of Portland . If any one believes that these things are done , or any thing having the most distant resemblance to them , by persons , I wo n't say of the rank and character of the Duke of Portland , but having any claim to the character of a gentleman , and tilling any office of credit in the slate , he may believe that the prevalence of the opinion is an additional presumption of the reality of the thing ; but otherwise , it tells only in the way in which he had cited it ; namely , to show what the gross and foolish ideas are which are entertained upon this subject , even by persons from whom better might be expected . It was idle to say , that experience would soon teach them ; that they would soon learn by the event , whether the methods which they employed were successful or not . In the first place , the persons were not necessarily the same ; but if they were , how numerous had been the instances , at all times and on all subjects , practical as well as philosophical , where many had gone on upon a supposed experience , and had ima- 515 gined a connexion between the effect produced and the means employed , which yet had no existence . Half the great delusions of the world were of no other character : they saw the fact and they supposed the cause . These people gave money to procure promotion : and promotion was often procured ; but in many instances ( as we had seen ) , because the applications were of a sort , which would have succeeded equally in any other hands . Still the man who had given the money would , for that very reason , and that he might not stand as a dupe in his own opinion , be willing , and even desirous , to believe , that it was his money that had done the business . But the most conclusive proof of the facility with which men delude themselves upon these subjects was , the fact which we had in the very cause before us , namely , that people went on in their applications and in their offers of money to Mrs. C. , after her connection with the D. of Y. had ceased , and when her influence of consequence was at an end . The fact that the Duke of York had got another mistress , and the inference from thence that the former mistress would hardly retain much influence , were neither of them , one should think , so difficult , the one to be ascertained by inquiry , and the other by reasoning , as to have escaped those sagacious men , who , it is said , never lay out their money but upon good grounds ; yet We see that , somehow or another , men Mere not wanting , whether sagacious or not he left to others to determine , who continued to place their hopes in , and to advance their money to Mrs. Clarke , when her means of serving them had become entirely extinct . We would no longer , therefore , lay any stress on the argument , that the influence must have existed , for that otherwise , men would not have gone on laying out their money in purchasing it . The probability was , that there was not a single man in office who had not some one about him who was selling every day the exercise of an influence over him , of which the principal had not the least perception.—Of this sort might very well be the influence supposed to be exercised by Mrs. Clarke , who though she actually had , he had no doubt , some influence , yet might very well by a dextrous management of her applications , by a judicious choice of her instances , by accommodating skilfully her language among her expectants , to what she could