not help observing , that the time chosen by the right hon . gentleman for proposing this law was very improper . That abuses existed to a very great extent had been proved before the house , and he was astonished when the right hon . gentleman said , that when the matter was examined , it would appear that abuses had not prevailed to any great extent . If he imagined that to be the case , why did he resort to a new legislative measure ? He ( lord F. ) thought that abuses did exist to a very great extent ; but he , at the same time , thought that this was an improper time for introducing the bill ; for at present the house must be legislating in the dark . It did not exactly know how far the evil had gone , nor by what means it had attained such a magnitude . This could only be ascertained by examination of facts . It had been the fashion of late 822 years to multiply laws beyond the necessity of the case . This was a great evil , and the right hon . gentleman was falling into it on the present occasion . Another reason why the bill should not have been introduced at present was , that there was an order on the list for an examination into these abuses , with a view to which he had moved , that the Report of the Evidence lately taken at the bar should be farther considered . The right hon . gentleman ought to have waited for the result of this examination , when his measure might be brought forward in the most efficient shape . His lordship then adverted to the prosecution of Kylock and Coleman , and expressed his disapprobation of the means taken to entrap these persons . It was an improper mode of disposing of the public money , and in a moral point of view it was extremely objectionable , as it was cooperating with them in that very crime for which they were to be punished . The right hon . gentleman had said , that this prosecution had commenced before the late inquiry . If that were the case , ha might have waited a little , to see whether the law , as it at present stood , might not afford a sufficient check upon these abuses . His lordship also observed , disclaiming however any thing offensive to the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that there was something very suspicious in this prosecution , and in the manner in which it had been announced to the house , for if it had been found necessary to call these persons to the bar in the course of the late Inquiry , they might have refused to answer , on the ground of not being obliged to say any thing that might criminate themselves . But his main objection was , that the house was legislating in the dark , that it did not clearly see its way , and that an inquiry ought previously to take place . It appeared to him besides , that this bill would not go to the case of such a person as Mrs. Clarke , who might receive a compliment for her influence , which would not amount to such a sale as would bring the matter within the act . His lordship then thought it proper to stale precisely the object he had in view , in moving for the further consideration of the Minutes of Evidence , as several gentlemen had erroneously conceived that he meant to prefer some further charges against the Duke of York . He had no such intention . His object was , that as a vast scene of abuse had been disclosed , the house ought not to shut its 823 eyes , but that it ought to go on to probe the matter to the bottom ; to search into the abuses of all departments , and then apply a radical and effectual remedy for the evil , with respect to which