the lawyers lost all their abilities as soon as they got there ; their talents forsook them ; the plainest objects became to them invisible , and they got bewildered in the plainest paths : as in other places they made intricate seem straight to others , so here they made straight seem intricate to themselves . But , Sir , whatever nice distinctions the lawyers may be inclined to make , they will never persuade men of common sense that corruption means only 388 money , and that because they think it not-proved that the D. of Y. took so many guineas into his own hand , that therefore he is not proved guilty of corruption ; nor can they persuade them to believe with the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that there never was a period when corruption in this country existed less than at the present time . But , whatever the legal gentlemen may chuse to say , there was no necessary connection between corruption and money : money , indeed , was one of many means of corruption , but far , very far , from the only one ; nay , it was , perhaps , the weakest and least mischievous . But corruption was not money , nor did it apply to any particular thing , but to the moral motive of the mind ; it consisted in a dereliction of duty , from any improper bias , no matter what . With respect to the corruption of the times , so far from not exceeding that of any former period , it seemed to be boundless . With the East and West Indies , and other colonies , increased in all their establishments ; with places for ministers to dispose of in every corner of the world , military appointments beyond all former example , all the honours of all the professions , and pecuniary advantages without end in the power of ministers , from the intolerable load of taxation under which we groan ; with all this , and a great deal more , could we say there was no corruption ? Were not the necessary expenses of government so great , that of necessity there must be corruption in the state ? Were not men by the cruel pressure of the taxes reduced almost to ruin ? And were they not obliged to look up to government , in order to get back , to maintain their families , some part of that properly , the produce of their own industry , and so severely exacted to supply the cravings of government ? ( Hear ! hear ! ) Were not the people obliged to part at once with a teuth of their income , in addition to all their other privations ? and had not government the power of making and marring fortune , both in the collection and the expenditure of this intolerable revenue ? But the Chancellor of the Exchequer says there is no corruption : to be sure we do not now , said sir Francis , receive money in the lobby previous to a vote , nor have we , sir , as at some former periods , when we have the honour of waiting upon you , sir , and dining at jour table , the good fortune to find rive hundred guineas under our plate . ( Hear ! hear ! ) No , that was not the species of corruption now carrying on : 389 he wished to God it was as open , as palpable , and as base , few would then , perhaps , be found to be guilty of it ; they would be shocked at the bare-faced corruption of a ruder age : but , unfortunately , corruption now wore a more pleasing aspect , assumed a more agreeable shape , and won the most averse . It was now gilded by the name of Office , and to get large sums of money was called serving the public , and in this way was greedily snatched at by one who would have been , perhaps ,