rupt practices , or I suspect that he must `` have known them . '' What obscurity and confusion in the terms ! which do you suspect ? that he suspected or that he knew ? From the vote upon the journals upon such a question , nobody can ascertain.—If he suspected , it is connivance ; if he knew , it is direct corruption . You acquit him of corruption in the first part , and you say , `` but you suspect him of it '' in the last part . Resolve at once that he is guilty , and he may have an opportunity of defending himself , like every other British subject , by a legal trial : whereas , by acquitting him of the guilt , but adding you suspect him of it , he can have no trial . You fix an indelible stigma upon his reputation that must last for ever ; you inflict the wound , and wrest from him the remedy—a proceeding without a precedent in the history of parliament , or of any court whatever where the name of Justice was ever heard of ! A more unfair , a more flagrantly unjust , a more cruel attempt against the honour of his royal highness , the most hostile ingenuity could not have devised . It has been observed by my right hon . and learned friend , the late Solicitor General ( sir Samuel Romilly ) that the house are not bound to condemn or to acquit , because there is no charge . If he meant they are not bound in the same sense in which a jury , impannelled and sworn , is bound to try an issue upon record , I concur in the observation : but the house is bound upon every principle of justice ; and though , it is true , there is no technical charge on paper , there is a charge in fact , made publicly in the house , on which a long examination of witnesses has taken place , and though not in parchment upon the table , it is in the minds of all men , from one extremity of the kingdom to the other , 553 wherever a newspaper can gain admittance . And are we to be told there is no charge ? There is a charge , upon which a direct decision is as necessary for the honour of the party , as if it were embodied in the most formal record that a special pleader could deposit on the table . Under a persuasion then , that the house will never permit so dangerous an example of injustice as the adoption of this Address , the next question that will be submitted to the house by my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , is the plain and simple question that every body can understand ; is he , or is he not , guilty of corruption and connivance ? The case stated against his royal highness by Mrs. Clarke , is , that she received money for procuring military commissions , not only with his knowledge , but by his original instigation , for their mutual advantage . It must be admitted universally , if in this case it were necessary to resort to such a maxim , that to substantiate such a charge , the evidence must be clear and satisfactory ; and also that the principal witness is Mrs. Clarke . If she speaks truth upon the point in question , the charge is proved : upon her veracity it depends ; it being always understood , though in the arguments on the other side , it seems always to be most industriously forgot , that the question is not , whether his royal highness permitted her to apply to him at all upon military matters , which is not denied , but whether he was a party by instigation , or even by connivance , to her pecuniary traffic . Upon her credit therefore , much of the debate has necessarily turned . It is not the