documents . — [ Here Mr. Windham said that his expression had been mistaken . ] Sir , I sincerely rejoice to be informed of my mistake , and do most cheerfully bow to the correction of my right hon . friend . I say , Sir , I rejoice to I find that my statement is erroneous , for it did seem to me to be inconsistent with his judgment and liberality . But , as this sentiment has , if I am not again incorrect , come from another quarter of the house , I will ask , whether there is not something between the extreme of violence ; and that manner and extent of force with which those letters were obtained I and whether , without any collusion , it was not possible that the papers might be taken against the inclination of Mrs. Clarke expressed at the time , and yet without the degree of force attributed , or such degree of force as would have made her endeavour by legal means to recover them , as she is said in another case of the seizure of her papers , to have done . Let gentlemen at the same time recollect , that violence on the part of my hon . friend was by no means necessary to enable him to obtain papers ; they would have been put into his possession through the interposition of this house Surely , Sir , no gentleman can upon reflection think this conduct reprehensible , who knows the manner in which papers and letters of high political importance have been purloined—transcribed—and replaced without the slightest suspicion , under the direction of diplomatists of the first character and reputation . The instances in which these things ate known to have happened are very numerous . Do we forget the complaint made by the court of Prussia against a British minister for the forcible seizure of letters . Need I mention the remarkable case of the illustrious Dr. Franklin , who got possession of certain letters , and respecting the manner of obtaining them , although he avowed the fact , he constantly refused to make any disclosure . With what 698 obloquy he was assailed , with what abuse he was stigmatized , as a man who ought to have been driven from society ! Yet , Sir , this homo trium literarum , as he was contemptuously called before the privy council , never shewed any sign of remorse or regret for this extraordinary action of his life . It has not sullied his fame . He lived to attain the summit of prosperity and honour , to ratify with his own hand the independence of his country . His memory has received from his fellow citizens a grateful tribute of applause , in the pregnant motto which they have applied to his medal . `` Eripuit fulmen cœlis , sceptrumque tyrannis . '' Let my hon . friend console himself ! The truth is , that the manner in which these letters were obtained from Mrs. Clarke , is absolutely immaterial to the case , and no one , I am sure , who knows my hon . friend , will impute to him an impropriety of conduct . It is again said , that the rank , station , and character of the Duke of York , all conduce to destroy the very idea , and possibility even of connivance . Sir , when a man speaks to his mistress on the subject of his pecuniary distresses ; consults with her on the means of relief ; employs her as his agent to obtain loans of money , as in the instances of Comprie ; through Town , the drawing master , of Jew King , of colonel Grant , and others ; when he endeavours to obtain relief by a corrupt use of his influence , as in the case of Kennett , can I be called upon to admit , that there is no ground to suspect him of connivance , when corruption is positively-proved upon her whom he trusted and employed ? Sir ,