Clarke 's answer is clearly in that sense : `` only middling . '' `` Well then , '' said the Duke , `` let French look to himself , or I shall cut up both him and his levy . '' Now is not this totally inconsistent with a corrupt interpretation ? How could Mrs. Clarke say that French treated her but middlingly , in a pecuniary sense , who had actually given her 1,400l. ? And why should she wish to injure , in the Duke 's opinion , those from whom , as appears by her letters , she was drawing daily supplies ? And then , on what grounds could it be of service to her or the Duke to ruin and exasperate French and Sandon , by cutting up their levy ? This , I own , I can not imagine ; it is inexplicable . Give it , however , an innocent interpretation . Suppose the Duke to complain of French 's importunities and delays , and on that account to threaten , what he afterwards performed , to discontinue the levy , all is clear , all rational , all intelligible : and this opinion , so natural in itself , is strongly fortified by Mrs. Clarke 's admonition to Sandon , in one of her letters , to be diligent with the levy , as the Duke was dissatisfied with his delay . This explanation admits , I am ready to confess , that the Duke conversed with Mrs. Clarke on public subjects . More of this hereafter . Here I shall only say , that he 462 who labours in the routine of office from ten every morning till six or seven in the evening , and who retires with all the anxieties of business upon his mind , may be forgiven if he sometimes speak to his nearest confidant on the subject that entirely engrosses him , and his tongue utter some of the scattered thoughts that occupy his mind . But with regard to this celebrated conversation , almost every thing depends on the accuracy with which the very words are repeated : the change of one expression would change the whole meaning . Is , then , Miss Taylor a person in whose accuracy of recollection we have reason implicitly to rely ? I think not : and for this reason among others ; that , except this single conversation , she recollected no one thing that has ever happened to herself , her family , or even the Duke of York ; because we have only her own evidence that she ever was in company with the Duke ; and that we have that of Mrs. Clarke 's own butler and witness ( Pierson ) , that Miss Taylor was often at Gloucester-place , but never admitted into his royal highness 's presence . He ( the butler , observe ) is sure she never dined in his company : and this conversation is represented as having taken place after dinner . And further ; Miss Taylor has been , of late , in the receipt of Mrs. Clarke 's bounty ; and , above all , she owns that Mrs. Clarke came to her , and reminded her of this conversation ; and when Mrs. Clarke mentioned if , She then only recalled it to her recollection . On such recollections , of such a witness , of such doubtful meaning , I can not convict the Duke of York of an improbable crime ; and I am the less disposed to do so , because we find the framer of this charge , the reviver of these recollections , the patroness of this witness , has been already convicted of barefaced falsehood and deep enmity to his royal highness ! But there is an observation which I think is applicable here , and which has not been made before , which seems to me to be of considerable weight . At the very time that this levy was going on , and this impure influence exerted , Mrs. Clarke had a brother in the army