other respects , which had been the subject of investigation , to be the cause , and indeed to afford the principal reasons for the separation , as they had been the principal grounds of the investigation which had been directed . I submit that when I was asked at different times as to one cause of separation , namely , money , it was not to be supposed , that because I did not repeat every other cause , that I therefore excluded them—it would be hard indeed if witnesses were in that way to be convicted of contradictory testimony . When I stated a single cause in answer to a question applying to that single cause , the other causes must , in justice and in common sense , be held to operate in my mind , and to make part of my testimony . But it was said that I was not confirmed by Mr. Lowten and Mr. Wilkinson—the house will recollect that I went through a long examination by an hon . baronet ( sir T. Turton ) on that subject—that he asked me among other things , whether I had ever seen the narrative respecting Mrs. C. 's conduct , from the time I had caused it to be delivered to h. r. h. on the 7th of May 1806 , now near three years ago—I said I never had , that I had not had any opportunity of refreshing my memory with its I contents , and that I had made no written memorandum of the transaction . I conceived upon that distant recollection of a long paper , that the pecuniary matter must have been contained in it . And here I must beg leave to call the attention of the house to what my conduct has been throughout this anxious , and to me most partial- 321 larly distressing case . I have been ready , I think the house will do me the justice to say , to answer every question at any moment ; but I have myself uniformly abstained from examining the witnesses , except three or four short questions put to col. Hamilton , in order to ascertain that he had not had any communication whatever with me , from the Sunday when he told me that the note respecting Tonya was destroyed . I did not put a question to any witness , during this proceeding , until Mr. Low ten was at the bar ; and to him at the close of his examination , I only put three questions , to ascertain whether a certain cause , Turner v. Mary Anne Clarke , had been entered for trial at the Westminster Sitting , after Hiliary Term 1806 , being the cause in which it appeared that the D. of Y. had been subpoenaed . In this situation I thought it my duty to leave that case ; and I certainly agree that it does not appear from the testimony of Mr. Lowten and Mr. Wilkinson , that I obtained the information respecting the money transactions which were among the causes of the separation ; but that my information must have been derived from another source . That my information was correct I shall immediately shew from the evidence of a witness to whom the noble lord gives the most perfect and implicit credit ; and I am astonished after what fell from my hon . friend near me , ( Mr. Whitbread ) on this very point , that the noble lord should have made the observations he has made respecting my testimony on this head of the evidence ; for my hon . friend in the course of his very able and powerful speech , referred to a passage in Mrs. C. 's evidence , which I shall state a little more at large than he did . In the evidence , Mrs. C. is asked , `` Do you know why the D. of Y. withdrew his protection from you ? Mr. Adam states that it was in consequence of my pleading my marriage to a bill of 130l . ; but I