I think he must now be willing to retract all he has said , of the infamy attaching upon persons acquainted or connected with Mrs. Clarke . I have something more to say on that subject . Of all the persons whom I have named , who may justly claim belief , notwithstand- 217 ing the imprudent anathema of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Miss Taylor is the only one who has any justification for her intimacy with Mrs. Clarke . The right hon . gentleman was silent on the material fact proved , of a family connexion between the two . Miss Taylor 's brother is married to Mrs. Clarke 's sister . Her justification is complete . A circumstance from the existence of which such harsh and unwarranted inferences were drawn , is properly accounted for . Has it happened to the rt . hon . gent . in the course of the experience he has acquired of the world , to find , that where the path of chastity has been deserted , all communication with the sinner and every branch of her family has been cut off ? Sir , I feel that the arguments used by the right hon . gentleman in this part of the case , are weak ; that they do not deserve the labour I bestow upon them : but I am unwilling in such a case as this , that a mole hill should remain unlevelled . I can not pass over the cruelty of the rt . hon . gent . towards Miss Taylor in the observations he has made upon the profession she had undertaken for the maintenance of herself and her sister . Was it not enough that her means of procuring her livelihood had been destroyed in consequence of her examination at the Bar ? Was it not enough that her scholars had all left her ? That her creditors had pursued her , and seized upon her goods ? That she was thrown destitute and friendless upon the world without the power of doing that mischief to society which the imagination of the rt . hon . gent , created , and which his eloquence stated in terms of such gross exaggeration ? Was it necessary for him to trample upon her when fallen , and to taunt with the bitterness of reproach the victim he had so largely contributed to destroy ? Had she herself been shewn to have been a woman of doubtful character , the fact of her keeping a boarding-school would not therefore have rendered her unworthy of belief as a witness . But no stain upon her has been discovered : and no pains , I will venture to say , have been spared , to detect any that might have been supposed to exist . Into what inconsistencies with his general philanthropic character has the rt . hon . gent . been betrayed ? Provide a Refuge for the Destitute ! Build Penitentiaries wherein to place abandoned females , and thereby reclaim them to the paths of virtue ! send them again forth to the world to gain the bread of industry , in the service of 218 the moral and the good ! Establish Magdalen Hospitals , and associate for the Suppression of Vice ! But , if you find a lowly woman endeavouring to preserve herself from infamy by habits of industry , with unimpeached propriety of conduct ; should she unfortunately have any family connexion with one of immodest life , hunt her out , persecute her , hold her forth as practising a standing fraud upon the public : Ruin her , leave her no resource to satisfy the cravings of hunger but prostitution . Then you may undertake the work of regeneration ; you may raise her from the abyss into which you have hurled her . She may then become a fit member of general society , capable of undertaking any of the duties of life ! Now , Sir , for an examination of the evidence given by Miss Taylor , which is very short , and relates only to one