the house might then adjourn ; by which means it would be made manifest on the Journals that the house had not come to a conclusion on the general subject . The Chancellor of the Exchequer , who had already moved the Order of the Day , refused to withdraw his motion , and observed that as he should propose a call of the house on Monday , it would sufficiently appear that the deliberations on the subject had not come to a conclusion . intimated , that a certain event might possibly take place before the house should meet again ; and that 712 in that case it would be for ever disgraced as it might express no further opinion on the subject * After some further discussion , it was understood that Mr. Bathurst 's motion was to have the precedence on Monday . rose , and said that before the house proceeded to renew the debate the house proceeded to renew the debate he would beg leave to take that opportunity of making to them a communication which his right hon . friend ( Mr. Bathurst ) might think with him was of a nature that rendered further proceeding unnecessary . He had , then to state , that on last Saturday morning , after the decision of the house had been known , his royal highness the Duke of York , of his own immediate and spontaneous motion , waited upon his majesty , and tendered to him his Resignation of the Chief Command of his majesty 's Army ; and that his majesty had been graciously pleased to accept of that resignation ; the motives which evidently influenced the mind of his royal highness in taking that step appeared to him , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , to be of a nature so honourable and proper that he was sure , when he had stated them to the house , the house would think of them as he did . The right hon . gentleman then proceeded to read , from a paper he held in his hand , extracts , of which the following is a copy . `` The house of commons having , after a most attentive and laborious investigation of the merits of certain allegations preferred against him , passed a resolution of his innocence , he might now approach his majesty , and might venture to tender to him his resignation of the Chief Command of his majesty 's Army , as he could no longer be suspected of acting from any apprehension of the result , nor be accused of having shrunk from the extent of an inquiry which , painful as it had been , he trusted he should appear , even to those who had been disposed to condemn his conduct , to have met with the patience and . firmness which could arise only from a conscious feeling of innocence.—The mo- 713 tive which influenced him arose from the truest sense of duty , and the warmest attachment to his majesty , from which he had never departed , and which his majesty had , if possible , confirmed , by the affectionate and paternal solicitude which he had shown for his son 's honour and welfare upon the present distressing occasion . To his majesty , as a most kind and indulgent father , as a most gracious sovereign , he owed every thing ; and the feeling of this alone would have prompted him to forego all considerations of personal interest in the determination which he had taken . It would not become him to say that he should not quit with sincere regret a situation in which his majesty 's confidence and partiality had placed him , and the duties of which it had been his anxious study and his pride , during 14 years , to discharge with integrity and fidelity . Whether he might be allowed to add , with advantage to his majesty 's service , his majesty was best able to decide . '' The right hon . gent . then said , that he made this communication