the hands of col. Gordon , finding it necessary to satisfy him as lo the ground of the delay , as if it had been a letter from a perfect stranger ; and col. Gordon had even stated at the bar , that he had not at that time any knowledge that the contrary was the case . It was not then necessary to state how that point stood . The house was aware now , that an intimate connection had previously subsisted between his royal highness and this Mrs. Sutherland ; in short , that she had been his mistress . From this circumstance therefore , they must see that , blinded by his affection or partiality for this lady , the Duke sunk the circumstance of his previous knowledge of her on the occasion ; and instead of making an explicit communication of the fact , rather kept col. Gordon in the dark : that individual , who of all others was most likely to rescue him from the dangerous precipice upon which he stood , and to save him from the abyss into which he was ready-to plunge . It appeared , also , from the evidence , that though col. Gordon had enjoyed the confidence of the Duke of York , so far as the execution of the duties of his office was concerned , for which that able officer seemed so well qualified , he did not possess so much of his confidence as would enable him to discharge the office of a friend , that faithful monitor , whom princes so much want , but so seldom meet with . Certain it was , as had been stated by col. Gordon in his examination , that he had never even seen Mrs. Clarke until he saw her at the bar of that house ; and in every thing that related to the immoral connection between her and the Duke of York , that gentleman appeared to have kept a dignified distance , such as became his just and honourable mind . But before he should make the observations he intended upon several of the cases , he begged to say a few 582 words upon one fact , and an important one too , namely , the very different circumstances in which those who were prosecuting , and those who were defending these charges , were placed . It had well been stated , in his very able speech , by the noble lord , ( lord Folkestone ) that the defence had been conducted and supported by all the legal authorities of the government , by persons who possessed the means to find out , and the power to compel the attendance of any witnesses whom it might be necessary to examine ; and it had been assisted throughout by the influence and weight of wealth , of rank , and property . The inference that resulted from all this was , that if any unfavourable impressions existed against the Duke of York , it was not because all the witnesses had not been called , whose testimony might have been necessary for his defence , or effectual for his justification . All the witnesses that could have been of any service to that purpose had been examined ; and if no more had been called , it was only because those who conducted the defence , and were his most zealous advocates , omitted to do so , lest they should injure the cause they espoused.—Before he should go into an examination of the separate charges , he begged the house first to consider what was their nature , and how they were to be proved . The charges were such , that they must be proved by the Duke of York , by Mrs. Clarke , or by the agents in the transactions to which they referred ; for there were no others who could give information , as it was not to be expected that the parties benefitted would tell what so intimately concerned themselves . The fact then was , that with regard to all these sources of information