act , or what judgment they are to understand it as conveying . Your Committee have sat six weeks , examining evidence ; you have been sitting a week debating upon the report of the evidence . The first important point to be 624 decided is , whether the charges against the Duke of York are true or not ? And when you come to your Address , you frame paragraph after paragraph , one may read page after page , and not a word , directly , of the Duke of York ; no more than if his royal highness 's name had not been brought into question . At length one finds that `` it is the opinion of this house that the Duke of York '' is guilty of corruption ? No . That the abuses stated to have existed , are his abuses ? No . That he encouraged and protected them ? No ; no such thing : but simply that they could hardly have existed without his knowledge . And is even this opinion , far short as it is of an imputation of wilful guilt , stated positively , and without doubt or qualification ? Nothing like it . This statement is helped out with an alternative , and even this alternative to be of a piece with the rest , is expressed as doubtfully as the statement . Even if the Duke of York could be supposed not to have known these things , still—still what ? Still he ought to be dismissed from his office ? No , not precisely that—something like it—but not quite that . Still what , then I Why , still `` it might be matter of doubt how far he could prudently be continued in his office '' . Of doubt with whom—doubt , by whom to be resolved ? One should have thought , by those who entertain it : but no such thing The doubt is entertained by the House of Commons : the solution of it is submitted to his majesty . This is the sum of the Address , and this is an Address that purports to be restrained and mitigated by motives of respect and attachment to his Majesty ! These are your plain speakers ! This is the honest , upright , downright , straight forward line of conduct which is so loudly recommended to you , with no slight intimation that if you do not adopt it , your functions as a House of Commons , will fall into contempt . Why , Sir , if we wish to fall into contempt for the very reverse of these fine qualities , for shabbiness , for shuffling , for dereliction of duty , for not knowing our own meaning , or not having the sense or the courage to express it , we have only to adopt the Address now in question . If we wish to place the King , the constitutional King I mean , the King 's advisers , in a situation in which they can not do their duty , because they can not collect what ought , or is intended to be done , this Address is an admirable expedient for that object . For any other object it is wholly unintelligible . There is a passage in a preceding part 625 of the Address , which , if I had met with it , not in an Address proposed to this house , but in an anonymous handbill , I should have said was intended to produce serious mischief . I mean that part of it which begins with the words `` Without entering '' , & c. and concludes with stating that such an opinion must `` necessarily wound the feelings , and abate the zeal , of all ranks and descriptions of his Majesty 's army '' . Now , in the probability of any mischief being produced by this passage , I do not believe : I do not believe that the army are disposed to look minutely and jealously into such matters as these , and to measure their allegiance