? Why not have saved us from our present situation , by at first stopping our proceedings ? and prevented our sitting here , hi mock deliberation , without any power of decision ? But be the consequences what they might , it was now his duty , and that of every member of that house , to lay aside all consideration of die consequences , and decide from the honest conviction of their own minds , upon a full and impartial view of the evidence . But the right hon . member for Cambridgeshire soon destroyed his own argument , and fell into contradictory reasonings , as those are liable to who defend a bad case ; for that which suits one part of the case wo n't suit another , and they frequently end by confuting themselves . As the hon . member , soon afterwards , in answer to an hon . gent , on this side of the house , who thought it very improper to have princes in situations of responsibility , because , in point of fact , they were not , like other persons , responsible , replied , `` Look at the D. of Y. , look at our present proceedings ; the D. of Y. is but a subject , and equally responsible as any other person . '' Now , sir , these arguments ca n't stand together , one subverts the other ; both ca n't be good . The arguments of the gentlemen who defend this case , like Cadmus 's men , are no sooner produced than they destroy one another . The hon . member for Cambridgeshire wo n't believe a word of Mrs. C. 's testimony : and yet it is singular that all those who came to discredit it only proved how little claim 376 to credit they deserved themselves ; and those who were called to disprove her evidence only corroborated it the more , like Balaam 's curse ; `` Balak said to Balaam , ' I called you to curse mine enemies , and behold thou hast blessed them altogether ' . '' If she had no truth in her , she had a singular power of extracting truth from those who never spoke truth before , and who came with a determination not to speak it . Then a great deal of the testimony of these prevaricators was very important . But the legal gentlemen with their professional astuteness wished to put all that evidence quite out of the question , on pretence of the witnesses having told falsehoods , and therefore not in any thing to be believed . By this trick the D. of Y. would be exonerated from a great deal of very weighty evidence ; but the fallacy was too gross , and this testimony could not be so easily got rid of : for it must be observed , that all the prevarications were to cover the D. of Y. ; they came to the bar with a fixed purpose to conceal the truth , so far as it was unfavourable to h. r. h. ; and then what was the conclusion ? not , as the legal gentlemen would persuade us , that their testimony ought not to be believed ; but that in whatever it stated against the D. of Y. , and which bad been extorted by cross-examination , it ought the more to be believed . This was stronger evidence than it ' it had come from a plain fair honest witness , and would so be considered in any court of justice in the world . `` ( Hear ! hear ! ) With regard to Mrs. C , it ought not to escape notice that many of the most material of her answers were accompanied with the means , if false , of detection ; an error she would unquestionably have avoided , had she been giving false testimony . For instance , with respect to some of the transactions in which Donovan had been engaged , she referred for confirmation to Donovan himself , stating at the same