of Y. , it was proved sufficiently ; but in connecting him with her corrupt dealings , Miss Taylor 's was the only corroborating evidence ; others could only go to establish the fact of certain appointments having taken place ; she alone went to prove the incitement of corrupt motives . The evidence given by Miss Taylor certainly went to prove corruption , and he was far from saying that her credit had been impeached by the witnesses produced for that purpose ; but it struck him , that it was hardly possible that her memory was correct . But her evidence was of the weakest sort ; it was a narrative of a conversation ; nor could they be quite sure that that confirmatory aid was true ; it struck him at first , that Miss Taylor might not have recollected the conversation distinctly ; that the conversation respecting col. French must have had some reference to a former transaction ; for col. French , as appeared , had fulfilled every iota of his engagement . Mrs. C. 's answer , therefore , saying , `` middling , not very well , '' could not apply to the transaction of the Levy . So far from acting otherwise than well , he was actually in considerable advance ; as instead of the 500l . the original sum , he had paid 850l . He could see a reason for this conduct . Col. French might have believed that it would be necessary for him to appeal to her influence again , and on that account might be more willing to submit to her demands ; and the probability of his being obliged to call upon her again , was strengthened by the circumstance of 397 the Levy turning out to be unsuccessful.—The inference which he drew from all this was , not that the confirmatory evidence of Miss Taylor was false , but that it was not strong enough to prevent doubt , and that doubt must lead to acquittal.—With regard to the promotions themselves , if they had seen them given in great numbers out of the regular course , without any regard to merit , and if money had been given her for these appointments , it would be very fair to say , that the money so given was the cause of these promotions . If the instances were numerous , the probability would be increased that the D. of Y. was cognisant of them , and that he had been influenced by corrupt motives . But the fewer the instances , the less the probability of her influence , and the Duke 's guilt . If , as a judge , he had been addressing a jury , under such circumstances , he would declare , that there were not grounds sufficient to justify their verdict ; if he had great doubts of Mrs. C. 's evidence , he would say that he was not able to come to a decision , but he would say that he had grounds for standing neuter , or calling for a farther investigation . It was a contradiction in terms for a man to say that he was uncertain whether he believed her evidence or not , and yet act as if he did believe it . Here they had only a few cases in which money had certainly been given , but it did not at all appear that they would not otherwise have taken place . There was nothing irregular in them . There was , however , reason to conclude , that Mrs. C. had these applications brought to her by her agents , and being aware that they would not meet with any opposition , she was able to promise that her influence would be successful.—The house should observe her general declarations in contradiction to her specific charges against the D. of Y.—The learned member in adverting particularly to the evidence of Mrs. C. , observed further , that she had stated in her evidence , that she had not begun to traffic in military commissions till she found herself in distressed circumstances