yet the evidence applying the knowledge of them to the D. of Y. , may be utterly , absolutely false , and fabricated by the witness herself . In regard to the evidence of Mrs. C , I might say , for my own part , that I never , in the whole course of my professional life , saw a witness in a court of justice , who appeared to me so wholly unworthy of credit as Mrs. C. All the circumstances under which she presented herself , compel me to withhold my belief from her . The story she came to detail , and her general character as connected with the transactions to which her evidence related , her manner , her contradictions , her detected falsehoods , made her a witness the least entitled to credit that I ever saw . And here I can not help noticing an expression that fell from a noble lord ( lord Folkestone ) upon the subject of Mrs. C 's evidence , namely , that in his opinion ( so I understood him to state ) Mrs. C. was an extremely credible witness . Now , sir , if , after the noble lord had had the opportunity of seeing Mrs. C. , of hearing her give her evidence , of tracing her through all the parts of that evidence , of observing the manner in which she was endeavouring to bring her charges to bear upon the D. of Y. , and of representing all she did to have been under the direction of h. r. h. ; if , after perceiving what could not have escaped the attention of the noble lord , that she was obliged to confess , that subsequent to her separation from h. r. h. , she 67 was still carrying on the same practices , that she was now making use of the name of the Duke of Portland —with whom she had not the slightest acquaintance , as she had formerly of the Duke of York ; and that she had the astonishing effrontery to say in this house , that Mr. Maltby was her duke of Portland ; if , after the noble lord had had such an abundant opportunity of understanding the real character of this lady , he could from any cause have been so taken , so imposed upon by her manner and deportment , so won , so fascinated with her blandishments and her charms , as to give implicit credit to her evidence , ought he not to have some little more of consideration for the D. of Y. ? After all this proof of her deceptions , the noble lord is still willing to rely upon her ; the Duke of York unfortunately trusted her , when he believed her to be honest , and had had no such opportunity of detecting her character . Can not the noble lord under such circumstances find some charity for an individual who had the misfortune , the ever-to-be-lamented misfortune , of falling into the snare of such a woman ? Can not he conceive , that while she was enjoying his affections , and while he was persuaded to think well of the worthless object on which they were placed , he might be innocently misled by her into statements of which she meant to take advantage ; that she might occasionally decoy him into conversation on military subjects , pick up little things of no possible importance , which h. r. h. might , without any violation of public duty , have published at Charing-Cross ; and that all this might have happened without affording any proof that h. r. h. was acquainted with the purposes to which the information thus procured from him , was to be applied ? Or is it possible that there can be in the noble lord , or in this house , such a want of candour or of charity , as to condemn h. r. h. of this infamous crime , because in some of these conversations h. r. h. might have told her , without conceiving that he